# Board Meeting 171

* Date: 14 September 2017
* Time: 19:00
* Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
* Meeting Type: Board Meeting
* Minutes by: Jim Tigwell

## Attending
* Present: 
* Absent: 

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: 
 * seconded: 
 * approved: 
 * at: 

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: 
 * seconded: 
 * approved: 

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 170
 * motion to approve
 * by: 
 * seconded: 
 * approved: 
 

## Report from President
* 165: "Kwartzlab is more awesome than not"
* 166: "Kwartzlab is STILL more awesome than not."
* 167: "We had an awesome year and we are looking forward to another one."
* 169: "Welcome to all of the new board members, and we're looking forward to another great year...Another awesome new year."
* 170: 134 Sydney St. Possible future location of Kwartzlab.  8000sq ft, office in front, 3 washrooms, storage available , good parking, green areas for bbq, blacksmith etc.  600V 3phase, $11 sqft, $7516 month. Ben Brown supplied photos

https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1H4pdf5QGKQQi00b3BnTXpvekk

Expansion team set up consisting of Ben Brown, Doug Moen and Josh Bean (to be asked). Goal is to test the waters and see if funding might be available as far as government assistance and to explore the idea of renting space out to professional makers in our group (Ravi, Drew and others). 

## Report from Treasurer
* 165: There's a stray transaction in the financials that needs investigation, but the balances are reconciled. Steph to follow up. 
* 166: Stray transaction was the result of a transaction recorded for the wrong date. It has been corrected. 
* 167: approve year end financials
* 169: Role is still in transition, but things are progressing. 
* 170: Working away at things

* Motion to accept the August, 2017 Financial Report
 * by: 
 * seconded: 
 * approved: 

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
 * Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
   * 143: Steph will draft a thing
   * [...]
   * 165: Further documentation will need to happen with the new Treasurer, or in cooperation with Steph. 
   * 167: ditto
   * 169: Melissa and Jim  to meet with Steph and continue documenting procedures and best practices. 
 
 * Long Term Strategic Planning
   * 161: Doug proposed one meeting a year dedicated to discussing the long term vision and strategy of the lab, and to begin organizing an unconference on the direction of Kwartzlab.
   * 162: [...]
   * 163: Doug delegates to Ben, Neil, and Drew. there's merit to holding a planning meeting once a month on the direction of Kwartzlab.
     * Discussion around the possibility of leasing at 44 Gaukel once the city's RFP for property management has progressed.
     * Doug to talk with Thom Ryan concerning 44 Gaukel and Catalyst to get the lay of the land.
     * Discussion around membership growth plan, and creating a sustainable space for makers in KW
     * Proposed assembling a team to address growth and sustainability issues.
   * 164: There may be an opportunity to work with KW woodworking club, circumstances depending. 
   * 165: KW Woodworking Club has relocated successfully. Jim to follow up with Ben, Neil, and Drew. 
   * 166: KW Woodworking Club may have additional space in their building. John to chat with Tony and follow up. 
   * 167: John will talk to Tony tomorrow
   * 169: Doug to follow up with John about meeting with the KW Woodworking Club

* Warden report (Christine)
  * 163: Christine to investigate the possibilities of a property maintenance warden
  * 164: Tony has volunteered to be the Property Maintenance warden
  * 165: Wardens are moving well, but there are issues with members and the 3d printers. 3d Printer Warden wants to run a retraining program. 
  * 166: Warden Warden absent from meeting. 
  * 167: Arno & I need to work on a new cleaning schedule.
    Still looking for new art director and new media warden.
    I'm considering the idea of a not-a-security warden who tracks stuff that goes missing.
    "Asset Tracking Warden".
    We'll need a summer warden meeting.
  * 169: Jim to follow up with Christine about the next Warden meeting 
  * 170: Jim Fare to take over as Warden Warden
  
* Dank meme warden
  * 163: Steph to find who runs our social media
  * 164: Christine to put the word out for a dank meme Warden, Jim to draft a social media plan of some sorts. 
  * 165: We have yet to find a Propaganda Overlord. 
  * 166: Jim to draft a plan, the search for a dank meme is ongoing. 
  * 167: Christine: we've had volunteers to be minions, but not a volunteer to be the overlord.
   
 * Board Transition information
   * 169: Signing authority changes
   
 * Tools & training - Request to the board for a training rubric or checklist for tools. Additional determination of who is warden for which tools, and who is a qualified trainer. 
   * 170: Training rubric to be discussed at Warden Meeting, Ben Brown to create a warden mailing list.
 * Tool Lockouts - Discussion on board list to pursue and prioritize lockouts on tools.
   * 170: Preapproved purchase of lockouts of up to $600, which should cover 10 tools and 2 doors at approximately $50 a piece.
 * Dumpster for back lot
   * 169: Jim followed up with James, area next to the shed requires clearing before the dumpster can be placed. Ryan Consell (Shed Warden) looking to do a dump run if someone can arrange a truck.
   * 170: Jim Fare to make an announcement to the mailing list about the dumpster stuff, move it or lose it.

## New Business
 
 * Moderated Mailing Lists
 
### New Members

### Member Hiatus
 
 * Nathan Banks
 
### Member withdrawals

### Overdue Accounts (In Camera)


### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals


## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting

  
## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: 
 * seconded by: 
 * passes: 
* Adjourned at: 
