# Board Meeting 166

* Date: 11 May 2017
* Time: 1930
* Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
* Meeting Type: Board Meeting
* Minutes by: Jim Tigwell

## Attending
* Present: Shaun Zimmerman, Steph Smith, James Bastow, John Wynen, Doug Moen, Jim Tigwell
* Absent: Christine van Walraven

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: 
 * seconded: 
 * approved: 
 * at: 

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: 
 * seconded: 
 * approved: 

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 165
 * motion to approve
 * by: 
 * seconded: 
 * approved: 
 

## Report from President
* 163: We are all awesome. Yep. That's it.
* 164: Christine got the lock fixed, and we've been garnering new memberships. 
* 165: "Kwartzlab is more awesome than not"
* 166: 

## Report from Treasurer
* 165: There's a stray transaction in the financials that needs investigation, but the balances are reconciled. Steph to follow up. 
* 166: 

* Motion to accept the April, 2017 Financial Report
 * by: 
 * seconded: 
 * approved: 

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
 * 143: Steph will draft a thing
 * [...]
 * 165: Further documentation will need to happen with the new Treasurer, or in cooperation with Steph. 
 
* Strategy for Tool Maintenance
  * 159: Ticketing system for marking when maintenance is needed. Big red tags for labelling when tools are bad. Central location for tagging broken equipment. Will help with notification. Dedicated computer for logging damamged tools. We can't label anything, but we do have the list for reporting/issue tracking.
    * Start with tickets. Look at warden to set up and maintain system.
    * Options for resolving tickets: Ticket resolution lottery at next AGM. Every solved ticket is a free drink.
  * 160: Ticketing system approved, Jim to write SOP and follow up with Ben Brown for implementation. Jim also volunteers to be Ticket Warden
  * 161: Ticketing system integrated into the Kwartzlab website, but the implementation is ongoing. Jim to report on it next meeting. 
  * 162: Jim to work with Ben to get it implemented for next meeting.
  * 163: Jim to remove the login requirement for ticket system, otherwise successfully implemented.
  * 164: Login requirement removed, Jim to attend the next Warden meeting to train the Wardens.
  * 165: Jim to add documentation and fiddle with email settings. 
  * 166: 
 
* New card access system
  * 161: Christine reports that Ben is moving forward coding cards and advancing the system. Christine recommends that we have everyone turned over to the new system by Jan 20. James to look into possibilities surrounding changing the lock cylinder.
  * 162: Additional consultation on new card access system, proposed by a new member.
  * 163: John to invite Tony to talk about the keycard system he proposes as soon as we can.
  * 164: Ben's system is being put in place, connected to the front door. Good things are happening. Back door to be finished once front door confirmed working. 
  * 165: Directors to have a private key party after this meeting. 
  * 166: 
 
* Long Term Strategic Planning
 * 161: Doug proposed one meeting a year dedicated to discussing the long term vision and strategy of the lab, and to begin organizing an unconference on the direction of Kwartzlab.
 * 162: [...]
 * 163: Doug delegates to Ben, Neil, and Drew. there's merit to holding a planning meeting once a month on the direction of Kwartzlab.
    * Discussion around the possibility of leasing at 44 Gaukel once the city's RFP for property management has progressed.
    * Doug to talk with Thom Ryan concerning 44 Gaukel and Catalyst to get the lay of the land.
    * Discussion around membership growth plan, and creating a sustainable space for makers in KW
    * Proposed assembling a team to address growth and sustainability issues.
 * 164: There may be an opportunity to work with KW woodworking club, circumstances depending. 
 * 165: KW Woodworking Club has relocated successfully. Jim to follow up with Ben, Neil, and Drew. 
 * 166: 

* Knowledge management discussion
  * 163: Board materials and access are scattered, making board transitioning and document management a challenge. Jim to develop a comparison between Igloo and current strategies, as well as exploring other options. 
  * 164: Igloo presentation given, John to inventory the board's digital assets, Jim to give access to stakeholders and start building out a genuine POC.
  * 165: Jim to talk with Ben about the member sync, and possible hurdles. Also about the link to the wiki on the Kwartzlab site. 
  * 166: 
 
* Warden report
  * 163: Christine to investigate the possibilities of a property maintenance warden
  * 164: Tony has volunteered to be the Property Maintenance warden
  * 165: Wardens are moving well, but there are issues with members and the 3d printers. 3d Printer Warden wants to run a retraining program. 
  * 166: 
  
* Dank meme warden
  * 163: Steph to find who runs our social media
  * 164: Christine to put the word out for a dank meme Warden, Jim to draft a social media plan of some sorts. 
  * 165: We have yet to find a Propaganda Overlord. 
  * 166: 

 * Kwartzlab Organizational Structure - Board to discuss whether the Membership Coordinator should be a director, and the lab's organizational structure as a whole
   * 164: Christine would like to hold a participatory design jam to discuss possible structures in order to preserve institutional memory and prepare the lab for the future. 
   * 165: Christine momentarily shelving design party due to busyness and Japan. 
   
 * Recent lab thefts - Board to discuss recent lab larceny and matters related to Open Night thefts
   * 165: Ben to put in a reimbursement request for the photo-booth camera. Former members with access have been ruled out, and the board has reason to believe that thefts have been committed by a member. Board to discuss matters further and issue a statement to the membership. 
   * 166: 

 * Garbage - Board to discuss shifting rules in city trash collection
   * 165: James to get a quote for weekly pickup. Regarding a one-time cleanout, Shaun to coordinate with Ryan Consell to arrange for a truck. 
   * 166: 
 
 * Drink fridge - check-in with Cedric to see if the drink fridge needs checking in on
   * 165: Cedric to take an estimate of shrink. Board to collect drink fridge funds on a more regular basis. 
   * 166: 



## New Business
  * Scheduling the AGM
  
  * Opening Board Nominations

### New Members
 * Dharmesh Patel
 * David Waymouth
  
 * motion to ratify the membership of all new members, upon receipt of payment
    * by: 
    * seconded: 
    * approved: 

### Member withdrawals:

  * Nelson Leung

### Overdue Accounts (In Camera)

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals

* Ben Brown
   * $254.84 from ebay for Canon T1i DSLR Camera with kit lens
   * $21.86 from Amazon for AC Adapter for Canon T1i DSLR Camera
   * $112.72 from Canada Computers for WD 1TB Black Edition HDD 
   
 * Motion to approve all purchases
   * by: 
   * seconded: 
   * approved: 

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting


## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: 
 * seconded by: 
 * passes: 
* Adjourned at: 
