# Board Meeting 151

Date: 20160310
Time: 2045
Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
Meeting Type: Board Meeting
Minutes by: Cedric

## Attending
* Present: Cedric, Steph, Jaymis, Ravi, Christine, Davenport 

## Absent
* Absent: James

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: Christine
 * seconded: Davenport
 * at: 2045

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: Cedric
 * seconded: Christine
 * approved; unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 150
 * motion to approve
     * by: Christine
     * seconded: Davenport
     * approved: unanimous

## Report from President
	* 150: Everything is awesome, lab running alright, member engagement ignited by coat rack topic.
	* 151: <crickets>  (James couldn't make it).

## Report from Treasurer
	* 150: Year end will be done shortly, situation nominal; we remain in the black.
	* 151: Situation nominal.  See report for details.

* Feb, 2016 Financial Report
 * motion to accept
     * by: Christine
     * seconded: Ravi
        * approved: unanimous

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update
        * 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
	* [...]
	* 151: James not present; Christine has used in the last few days.  Assumed operational.
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
        * 143: Steph will draft a thing
	* [...]
	* 150: ongoing, is in git.
	* 151: ongoing.
* Ravi - will write guidelines for how we sell lab property
        * 147: Done. To be put on Wiki.
	* 148: Not done yet.
	* 149: Needs wiki login.
	* 150: Has login, is working on it.
	* 151: Will have it done by end of the meeting.

### Membership Changes 
	* Erin Kelly:
		* 151: has withdrawn, to be announced.
	* Lauren Archer: 
		* 151: has paid dues, is all setup.  Does she have a key? (If so, remove from future).
	* Sam Tagliabracci:
		* 151: has paid dues, is all setup and has key.  To be removed from future minutes.
	* Rob Green needs to be voted on.
		* James will contact, encourage more time @ TON, etc.
		* 150: James to email.
		* 151: James not present; remove from future.
	* Kevin LeBlanc needs to be voted on.
		* James will contact, encourage more time @ TON, etc.
		* 150: James to email.
		* 151: James not present; remove from future.
	* Darcy Casselman is withdrawn, as of 2015-12-31
		* 149: membership registrar needs to be updated; staying on mailing list.
		* 150: To be checked when Cedric wraps up Gus's acct.
		* 151: Has been wrapped up; remove from future.
	* Robert "Gus" Gissing withdrawing as of 2016-01-31
		* 150: Needs to be wrapped up now.
		* 151: Has been wrapped up; remove from future.

#### Overdue Accounts (In Camera)
	* 1 overdue account for discussion.  Discussed and motioned; see email to BoD list for details (search the list for "bod151 in-camera discussion")
	* E.M. membership
		* 151: withdrawl has been announced on mmembers list; remove from future.

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
Reimbursements since the last meeting:
* OpEx: CH 497 for $159.56 to Neil Eaton (Consumable & small tool portion of RR 332315892981106936)
* HeavyLab: CH 498 for $235.32 to Neil Eaton (Heavy Lab Phase 5 portions of RR 332315892981106939 & 332315392981989873)
* CapEx: CH 499 for $13.56 to Neil Eaton (Heavy Lab Phase 2 portion of RR 332315392981989873)

## New Business
* 2016 Operating Budget Approval
	* Original version had some math errors, which have been fixed in the updated version.  (Electrical should have been 1949.64 annually, total annual expenses 27774.96, net 7025.04.
	* motion to approve
		* by: Davenport
		* seconded: Christine
		* approved: unanimous

## Old Business
* Christine - Volunteer Management
	* 149: During heavy lab discussion, questions about fresh ways to engage people in helping around the lab came up.  Plan was to talk further at meeting 150.
	* 150: Christine is now free of the TWC, and is now engaging on the volunteer
	* 151: An individual was approached to be a sort of safety equipment warden, and is interested given liability/indemnity -- the question is if we have someone periodically checking  the first aid kits, do they take on liability.  Nobody has indemnity, and DOLI does not provide coverage that the member is looking for, therefore liability/indemnity coverage is not possible.  Christine will be updating the wiki and approaching additional people before next meeting.

* Front and Back Doors:
	* 147: Jaymis awaiting quote from G&A before taking further action. Ravi to enquire to see if we can get a second quote. Once quotes are received Jaymis will contact Christian to see about sharing costs. 
	* 148: Jaymis says it has been trouble, GA has new system that is not working well.  We have one quote that is about $1083 for changes that we do not believe will fix the sticking issue.
	* 149: n/c
	* 150: Davenport will take this on for the month, James happy to meet anyone onsite.
	* 151: Davenport reviewing the goal; needs to close reliably, and whoever fixes it would ideally install the strike (we would do the wiring from there).  Jaymis to get Davenport a copy of the GA quote.
* TWC: has wrapped up with $70 surplus, and the following upsides:
	* 10 new laptops
	* modules useful in running a course
	* 4 brand new sewing machines
	* general supplies (sd cards, usb keys, etc.)
	* cash in pocket for some members who helped run the course
	* new clear containers
	* TWC assumed happy; students seemed invovled, no formal debrief yet from TWC.
	* Chrisine FTW!
	* 151: Agnes bought the iron and ordered siloutte mats.  To be removed from future.
* Maker Expo 2016 firing up.
	* Per meeting 149, KwartzLab is the support org for MakerExpo, first meeting was to be 2016-01-21, event will be 2016-09-10
	* This entry for tracking status.
	* 150: Ravi - just working on sponsor development, progress is happening.
	* 151: Request to add another shed, may require a building permit; Make Expo would cover any expenses.  Neil to research bylaw issues.  Neil is going to the city to get details as to what is possible.  The presence of the shed is a donation as part of KwartzLab's sponsorship of Maker Expo.  Goal is to ensure that active lab area isn't unduly blocked this year.  Approved in principal.
* Heavy Lab update from Neil.
	* Per meeting 149, Neil is moving forward with phases 5 & 6, new welding curtains, storage changes, etc.
	* This entry for tracking status.
	* 150: Various things in progress, wall around the sink down in prep for new welding curtains (helper lined up).  Shelves on window wall started.  Could use help, lots of projects.
	* 151: To discuss: additional costs/effort due to metal lathe aquision.  Lathe will require a plug, and require e-stop+ contactor to switch the load to the motor.  This is a candidate for a RFID access control.  Looking at using a pump truck to make it possible to move the lathe.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Cedric to craft email to overdue member
* Christine will be updating the wiki and approaching additional people before next meeting.
* Jaymis to get Davenport a copy of the GA quote.

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: Davenport
 * seconded by: Christine
 * passes: unanimous 
* Adjourned at: 2202
