{{Meeting
|Date=2013/12/18
|Time=20:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
|Financials=Kwartzlab Financial Report - December 2013.pdf
}}
=== Attending ===
:* Jonathan
:* Ben
:* Darcy
:* Mark
:* James
:* Jaymis
:* Doug

=== Absent ===

=== Call to Order ===
:* Called to order by Darcy at 19:40

=== Approval of Agenda ===
:* approved unanimously

=== Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes ===
:* Mark opposed
:* all else approved

=== Report from the President ===
:* we're awesome

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* (attached)

=== Recurring Business ===

==== Previous meeting action items ====
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan) 
:* Action item: get WordPress plug-in for membership register (Ben) (done - needs configuration)
:* Action item: send member instructions to mailing list (Ben) (on hold)
:* Action item: draft new by-laws and put them to a general meeting (Ben)
:* Action item: see if lawyer can look over new by-laws (Jonathan) (done)
:* Action item: draft membership by-law proposal to include delegation (Steph) (done)

==== Reimbursements ====

===== Air Liquide =====
:* $85.43 for tank rental
:** moved by: Ben
:** seconded by: James
:** approved unanimously

==== Review of mailing list votes ====

===== Membership of Marius Kintel =====
:* Mark abstained
:* all else approved

==== Board Process Review ====
:* nothing new

==== Documentation of Board Procedures ====
:* nothing new

=== New Business ===

==== Snow Removal ====
:* Catherine has volunteered
:** We should remove her from the cleaning schedule if she's doing this.
:* Action item: get quotes for snow removal (Jaymis)

==== 3D Printer ====
:* Doug proposes getting a classrom set of 3D printers.
:* The Working Centre would pay us to run courses.
:* They could be used for library outreach events.
:* The proposed printers are good for long runs.
:* We could get corporate sponsorship and grants.
:* motion to do the above by Doug
:** Seconded by Jonathan
:** approved unanimously

==== Statement from Mark Pitcher ====
:* Mark Pitcher removes all approvals for minutes due to a history of deception and purposeful misinformation during board meetings by several board members.
:* During BOD meeting #105 [name redacted] deceived the board about the Tool Committee leading to a misinformed vote by other board members.
:* BOD meeting #105 was moved to a time that excluded Mark Pitcher so other board members could be misled during voting.
:* BOD meeting #113 was called with no notice to Mark Pitcher, and set at a time to exclude Mark.
:* [name redacted] deceived board members about discussing dues payments with Mark Pitcher, and did not attempt to contact Mark as per Charter.
:* Board Meetings and internal board discussions are carried out public and on a public forum contrary to law.

=== Old Business ===

==== Re-Visiting By-Laws ====
:* Proposed change to membership by-law:
:** II. Membership
:*** A. Issuance of membership
:**** 1. The conditions under which membership will be issued are determined either by the Board, or by a Director, Officer, Member, or Committee appointed by the Board to oversee the issuance of membership.
:* Motion to approve in priciple the proposed bylaw ammendment to be ratified by a general meeting (Darcy)
:** Seconded by Doug
:** approved unanimously

==== Member Meeting ====
:* Proposed meeting on 13 February.

==== Software for Lab ====
:* Ben is dealing with an address change.

==== Youth Maker Workshops at the Working Centre ====
:* Grant application is in.  We'll find out mid-February
:* can be removed from old business

==== Review of Purchasing Procedure ====
:* procedure no longer conflicts with bylaws
:* can be removed from old business

==== Membership Application Process ====
:* no news

==== Trillium Grant Update ====
:* Action item: get credentials for Trilium account (Doug)

=== Review of Action Items from this Meeting ===
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan) 
:* Action item: send member instructions to mailing list (Ben) (on hold)
:* Action item: draft new by-laws and put them to a general meeting (Ben)
:* Action item: get quotes for snow removal (Jaymis)
:* Action item: get credentials for Trilium account (Mark)

=== Adjournment ===
:* Motion to adjourn (Darcy)
:** Seconded (Ben)
:** approved unanimously
:* adjourned at 20:36
