{{Meeting
|Date=2013/04/24
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave. Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy at 19:42

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Report from the President ===
:* No updates

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Waiting for Agnes's expenses
:* Memberships are up, offsetting some members who have left
:* Adjustments being made to fixed expense budgets to account for increases
:* We're shy balancing by one member at the moment. With new members joining, next month should be in the black.

=== New Business ===

==== Internet Speed Issues ====
:* We know it's not stable. Ben has emailed Cedric about the connection. Mark has as well a few weeks ago.
:* Considering looking at other options related to upcoming events

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* All caught up for member dues aside from one member who is leaving

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Doug Moen - $1000 for the Replicator - unanimous vote via email

=== Old Business ===

==== Student Memberships ====
:* Deferring discussion for a few months. Want to discuss other functions around student involvement at lab.
:* Bob D. - initiation fee is a larger barrier than dues for students. If the lab feels that more student participation is something we wish to support, rather than lower the dues, offer introductory price reductions to getting them in.
:* Possibility of lower membership fees related to membership numbers, student and senior rates
:* Hacker in residence program?

==== Cleaning schedule ====
:* Ben working on automated script working - something not running right, Ben to investigate
:* Mike has been covering the garbage for the last few weeks. Garbage should be going out on Kent. Won't be picked up on Charles
:* Rob to update clean up instructions to include garbage info

==== Youth (16 or younger) Membership ====
:* James - concern about liability on our behalf
:* Mark - parents should sign a waiver for their children
:* Darcy - we need to discuss with a lawyer
:* Would be good to have waivers signed regardless
:* What's the liability implication of minors in the space - for advice from lawyer
:* minors can't sign contracts. Parents can.
:* Action Item: Gus to talk with lawyer and we'll follow up next meeting - Darcy need to follow up
:* discussion items:
::* 24 keyed access for kids? Can they bring their friends as guests (without adult supervision)?
::* legal liability, if a 16 yr old cuts off their finger, vs an 18 yr old? If a kid's guest cuts off their finger?
::* can a 16 yr old sign the audit waver form?
:* No new info on this topic. Still waiting for lawyer's info from Gus.

==== Buildout / Prep ====
:* Not much is happening with this right now.
::* Action Item: Ben - sign creations - done, needs to be put up
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - on hold for 2nd floor
::* Action Item: 2nd floor - Rob  - kitchenette floor
::* Action Item: Power panel needs remapping and reorganization and plumbing drain tube needs to be moved
::* Action Item: James - needs to install the door strike. Back door first
::* Action Item: Welding area - Need to remove slot wall (safety), steel shelving to replace slot/peg board. Fireplace backing sheets recommended.Can hang the welding curtains in the meantime.
::* Action Item: Rob or Ben - garbage run needs to happen again (ceiling tiles, etc)
::* Action Item: Karl - carpeting to stairwell and bathroom
::* Action Item: Plumbing vent
::* Action Item: Paint outside of building
::* Action Item: Get and run sawdust duct work, interim piping can be made up until fully planned piping done

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Mark - Ontario Arts council - found other funds to investigate as well - period doesn't start until 2014
:* Action Item: James - we've had the tool meeting, now to prioritize and purchase the tools. Some tools are being purchased already, others being investigated
:* Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release - paused for now
:* Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time - paused for now

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various levels of complexity
:* Some posters have been posted
:* Action Item: Fire extinguishers need to be recharged, mounted and signed in new space. They currently are around the space, just need to formalize locations

=== Action item review ===


=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 20:09
Forwarded by: Rob
Second: Darcy
In favour: 

=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Ben
* Karl
* Mark
* Doug
* Darcy
* Rob
* James

==== Regrets ====
* 
 
==== Unknown ====
*
