KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Minutes of Meeting
------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Wednesday December 2, 2009
* Time: 1934 EDT
* Location: Boehmer Box, 283-106 Duke Street West, Kitchener
* Meeting #17

BOARD MEMBER

* Present: Ben Brown, Cedric Puddy, Eric Gerlach, Stephanie Smith, Alexandra Dysinski, Darin White, Robert Gissing
* Quorum: Yes (7/7)

OTHERS

* Kwartzlab Members: Jessica Clayman

Distribution: To all KWartzLab Society Board Members

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions. 


Proceedings:
==============

1.  Call to Order
-----------------

The President, Eric Gerlach, called the meeting to order at 1934 EDT, and the Secretary, Stephanie Smith, recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

2.  Approval of the agenda
--------------------------

The agenda was presented by the President. Laser Cutter Procurement was added to New Business, and the agenda was approved by the general consensus of the Board.

3. Report from the Treasurer
----------------------------
The Treasurer, Ben Brown, presented a financial report to the Board. Only two members were late with membership dues for December. He also presented a draft for the revised budget. 

There was a brief discussion regarding long term plans and goals for the emergency & tool fund contributions, as well as options for putting such funds in interest-generating accounts. Discussion continued at 4.5 Budget Revision under Old Business.

4. Old Business
---------------

  4.1 Website/mailing lists
  -------------------------
  >> Update on Action 13.2 on Ben Brown: convert website design to Drupal 
  template
  
  Ben presented to the Board that he now has the FTP credentials for 
  uploading his template to the site, but does not currently have internet 
  access. He estimates that once he has internet, it will take 
  approximately 2 weeks to get the template ready for review.

  4.2. Lease contract for borrowing member equipment
  --------------------------------------------------
  >> Update for Action 13.3 on Eric Gerlach: draft "lease" agreement for 
  borrowed equipment 
  
  Eric reported to the Board that he had posted his draft to BOD mailing 
  list last week; no concerns were raised, so we are ready to share it with
  the general membership.
  
  >>  ACTION 17.1 on Eric Gerlach: post draft lease to members list, asking 
  for comment.

  4.3 Metal brake/shear from RIM
  ------------------------------
  >> Update for Action 15.1 on Robert Gissing: Organize truck and post to 
  list asking for help moving brake.

  Gus reported to the Board that it will cost $129, plus fuel and ramp 
  materials cost, to move the brake. We've budgeted $200 for the move
  and should come in under that. 
  
  4.4 Garbage & Maintenance
  -------------------------
  >> Update for Action 13.7 on Robert Gissing: create a check list of 
  cleaning tasks to be completed weekly, plus less frequent tasks for 
  long-distance members

  Gus reported to the Board that he has posted a list of weekly cleaning 
  tasks to his blog. This has been linked to from the duty roster web page 
  as well. He also provided the following items as less-frequent tasks that 
  long-distance members could do: cleaning windows, dusting ceiling pipes & 
  lights.
  
  Alexandra Dysinski offered to launder our towels on a regular basis.

  4.5 Budget Revision
  -------------------
  >> Update for Action 15.2 on Ben Brown: Post budget to mailing list
  
  Ben reported to the Board that he has posted the budget draft to the 
  mailing list, and there is an active discussion thread regarding it 
  there.

  There was a detailed discussion regarding the funds listed in the budget, 
  and how to budget for other discretionary spending we might want to save 
  up for. 
  
  The general consensus of the Board was to quickly save up an emergency 
  fund valued at 3 months expenses, and then more slowly build that to (and 
  keep it at) 6 months expenses. Once our target has been hit for the 
  emergency fund, surplus funds earmarked for the emergency funds may be 
  diverted to either the tool fund, or a general warchest. The language in 
  the current budget draft needs to be revised to allow us to divert these 
  funds without having to revise the budget again.
  
  >> ACTION 17.2 on Ben Brown & Eric Gerlach to revise language in budget 
  regarding fund contributions.
  
  4.6 Establishing a Health & Safety Committee
  --------------------------------------------
  >> Update forAction 15.3 on Eric Gerlach: Call Rogers to find out if 
  phone should work for 911. Call Police to ask if we can test. 
  
  Completed: Eric reported that his Roger's cell phone can be used for 
  emergency calls. He has a SIM card which needs to be re-activated. With a 
  pay-as-you-go contract, we can still make emergency calls for 2 months 
  after the pay-as-you-go minutes have expired. We could therefore pay $10 
  every 3 months to keep the emergency line active. 
  
  The police do not offer any 911 emergency testing services. 
  
  Jessica Clayman reported to the Board that she has posted preliminary 
  Health & Safety documents to the website.
  
  There was a general discussion regarding the sorts of training that 
  members will need to receive: MBOS, and training on our drill press & 
  metal break.
  
  4.7 Global Hackathon
  --------------------
  Eric Gerlach presented the Board with an update on the recent Global 
  Hackathon. It went very well. Hackerspaces.org plans to make this a 
  monthly event. We don't want to participate that frequently.
  
  4.8 Drink Order
  ---------------
  Cedric Puddy presented to the Board an update on the current drink order: 
  he  needs to reconcile remaining inventory against monies collected by 
  the drink fund.

  4.9 Policies & Procedures for Bringing in New Equipment
  -------------------------------------------------------
  >> Update for Action 13.4 on Stephanie Smith: generate google spreadsheet 
  for tracking assets 
  
  Completed: Stephanie presented to the Board that she has created a CCK 
  for assets within Drupal.
  
  4.10 Workroom Floor
  -------------------
  >> ACTION 17.3 on Robert Gissing: get quote for epoxy paint for workroom 
  floor.
  
  4.11. Public in the space & semi-external groups
  ------------------------------------------------
  >> Update for Action 16.1 on Eric Gerlach: Call our insurance broker and 
  ensure we properly understand the insurance implications of event 
  organizers keeping revenue from events held in our space. 

  Eric reported to the Board that Dave was out of the office this week; he 
  will be back tomorrow, and Eric will call him then.
  
5. New Business
---------------

  5.1.  New Members
  ---------------------------------

  Motion Passed: Be it resolved that Jonathan Lamothe is admitted to 
  membership in KwartzLab Society Inc.

    * Nominated by: Eric Gerlach
    * Second by: Stephanie Smith
    * In Favour: 6
    * Opposed: 0 
    * Abstained: 1


  Motion Passed: Be it resolved that Ron Harding is admitted to membership 
  in KwartzLab Society Inc.

      * Nominated by: Eric Gerlach
      * Second by: Alexandra Dysinski
      * In Favour: 6
      * Opposed: 0 
      * Abstained: 1
      
  5.2 Reimbursements
  ------------------
  No reimbursement requests were submitted.
  
  5.3 Recurring TON stuff
  -----------------------
  There was a general discussion regarding the need for more publicity. 
  Darcey has offered to keep on top of twitter posts, but has fallen victim 
  to the drupal/twitter bug.

  >> ACTION 17.4 on Stephanie Smith: resolve Darcey's twitter issues.
  
  5.4 Laser Cutter Procurement
  ----------------------------
  Darin White presented to the Board his ideas regarding how to plan for 
  big ticket items, specifically a laser cutter. This is an opportunity for 
  third party donations.

  There was a discussion regarding other big ticket items we may want to 
  pursue first: shop bit (CNC router), PCB Mill, RepRap. We should run all 
  of these options by the membership, and see what people are most 
  interested in.

  >> ACTION 17.5 on Darin: Summarize discussion about large tools and email 
  members list with a few options to get feedback about it.
  
  Alexandra Dysinski presented to the Board that she has an industrial 
  sewing machine which she would like to lend to the space, and will 
  provide training on. She also shared her ideas on a supply closet for the 
  space.

  Cedric Puddy presented to the Board that he has a supply closet he'd like 
  to donate to KwartzLab.

6. Next Board Meeting
  ----------------------
  The Board agreed by general consensus to hold one last meeting in 2009, 
  onThursday December 17. This meeting would only cover new members, 
  reimbursements, and any urgent business which could not wait until 
  January.

7. Action Item Review
---------------------

17.1 Eric to post to draft lease agreement to members list, asking for comment.
17.2 Ben & Eric to budget revision
17.3 Gus to get quote on epoxy paint for workroom floor
17.4 Steph to contact Darcey about his twitter account
17.5 Darin to summarize ideas for big ticket procurement, and send to members list for discussion


8. Adjournment
---------------
The Meeting was adjourned at 2044EDT.
  
  Motion Moved: Eric Gerlach
  Motion Seconded: Stephanie Smith
  In Favour: 7
  Opposed: 0
