# Board Meeting 147

Date: Nov 11, 2015
Time: 8:46pm
Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
Meeting Type: Board Meeting
Minutes by: Christine

## Attending
* Present: Jaymis, James, Christine, Steph, Michael, Ravi, Doug Moen, Bob D.

## Absent
* Absent: Cedric (for first part of meeting)

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: Steph
 * seconded: James
 * at: 8:47pm

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: James
 * seconded: Jaymis
 * approved; unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 146
 * motion to approve
     * by: Steph
     * seconded: James
     * approved: unanimous

## Report from President:
        *Lab is cleaner, people complaining more. Success? Yes, because it means people care.

## Report from Treasurer:
        * Maker Expo is almost finished. Awaiting two cheques to come in. Otherwise, all is good. 

* Oct, 2015 Financial Report
 * motion to accept
     * by: Michael
     * seconded: James
        * approved: unanimous

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Cedric - contact Dirt & Snow for quotes (was: circulate snow clearing details before next meeting)
        * 144: we are waiting to hear from the city about the extent of our obligations
        * 145: appears to be moot, as there is no sidewalk to maintain, and it will likely continue as such.  Can we get quote for remaining bit of sidewalk, and option to have parking remain passable?
        * 146: Agreed that we will do the original quote, Cedric to contact D&S.
        * 147: Cedric has received a quote for ~$700 for snow clearing for the season. Motion at approve: Davenport, Second: Cedric, Approved: unanimous. Cedric to secure contract and follow up next meeting. 
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update
        * 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
        * 144: power meter has arrived, tube has not been ordered yet (some research is required), much measuring has been done
        * 145: laser runs fine at 80%, and no unreliability so long as not overdriven, therefore so not urgent, want to move laser first.  We can get a new tube in about a week, and we have the money reserved.
        * 146: James to finish his diagram and bill of materials so as to make a proper proposal.
        * 147: James is continuing to explore the laser system and looking at the best way to fix/upgrade.
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
        * 143: Steph will draft a thing
        * 144: was not expected to be done today
        * 145: n/c
        * 146: not until christmas
        * 147: n/c
* Ravi: talk to Ryan re: horizontal bandsaw repair
        * 145: status unknown; Chris not here.
        * 146: has not happened yet. Leave it on.
        * 147: Ravi fixed the band saw. Remove from future minutes. 
* Steph/Cedric - add Aarno Aapro
        * 147: Done. Remove from future minutes.
* Steph/Cedric - remove Andrew Bass
        * 147: Done. Remove from future minutes.
* Cedric - get Ben Registrar List lite for access control
        * 147: Pushed to next meeting.
* Christine - to write and circulate proposed guidelines for loaned tools
        * 147: Written and Circulated. To be put on wiki before next meeting. 
* Ravi - recommend bandsaw situation solution
        * 147: Recommend giving back Don's bandsaw and purchasing Drew's bandsaw for $400. Motion: James, Seconded: Ravi, Approved: unanimous. Ravi will contact Don to re-claim his saw before next month's meeting. Lab will pay $45 for replacement part on Don's saw.   
* Ravi - will write guidelines for how we sell lab property
        * 147: Done. To be put on Wiki.

### Membership Changes: 
     * No changes this month.

#### Overdue Accounts (In Camera):
      * Motion to un-suspend <Membername documented by Treasurer> membership as he has paid all owing dues. Motion: Davenport, Second: James, Approved: Unanimous.

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
Reimbursements since the last meeting:
* Maker Expo: $488.13 to Darin White for day-of food
* Maker Expo: $586.25 to Darin White for post-mortem dinner
* Maker Expo: $348 to Darin White for Survey Monkey fees
* Maker Expo: $64.98 to Ben Brown for coffee supplies
* OpEx: $228.73 to Steph Smith for new cheques
* Maker Expo: $53.55 to Neil Eaton for stationary supplies
* OpEx: $86.98 to Ben Brown for anniversary party provisions (RR 322330165761337711)
* OpEx: $81.25 to James Bastow for cleaning/consumables (RR 322481739532109965)
* TWC: $729.65 to Christine Van Walraven for Maker Skills programming (RR 322128705712301911, 322124454712103746, 322649850884938628, 322650788884442318)
* CapEx: $556.32 to Neil Eaton for shelving (RR 322650093981397928)
* TWC: $120 to Neil Eaton for Maker Skills programming (RR 322650788884442318)
* TWC: $120 to Ryan Wicks for Maker Skills programming (RR 322650788884442318)
* TWC: $60 to Agnes Niewiadomski for Maker Skills programming (RR 322650788884442318)
* TWC: $60 to Shaun Zimmerman for Maker Skills programming (RR 322649858884938628)
* TWC: $60 to Cameron Turner for Maker Skills programming (RR 322650788884442318)

## New Business
* Drew's metal table
       * 147: We are giving one week to see if there is more interest in it on the mailing list - after Neil's grumping on it. If there is no positive feedback about the table, Drew will make it disappear. 
* "Your mom is not a member. Clean up your dirt."
       * 147: We have cameras pointed at the doors for basic security purposes. Further cameras would be a tech solution to a cultural problem, and not necessarily a useful solution. Overall the lab is getting cleaner - the fact that people are complaining suggests that members are now expecting a certain level of cleanliness. No further action needed at this time. Remove from future minutes.

## Old Business

### Heavy Lab Reorganization
* 144: at a bit of a standstill, tool repair/rebreakage frustration, horiz bandsaw needs fix.
* 145: n/c
* 146: n/c
* 147: n/c. Remove from future minutes. 

### Snow Clearing Quotes
* 144: Jaymis has contacted the city regarding possibly non-existent sidewalks.
* 145: Cedric to get updated quotes.
* 146: We are moving forward per discussion above, Cedric has action item.
* 147: Cedric has received a contract offer and will secure it before next board meeting. See "Previous Meeting Action Items". 

### Allowing data from the membership register to be available to the door control system
     * 147: Work in Progress.

### Water leak -- report to Christian
     * 147: Likely caused by workshop. No actual leak. Remove from future minutes. 

### Loaning tools to the Lab - labelling, vetting, damage, etc.
     * 147: Guidelines written and approved and will be moved to Wiki before next meeting. 

### Cleaning Eaves-troughs:
      * 147: Davenport will get a crew together to check eaves and recommend action.

### Front and Back Doors:
     *147: Jaymis awaiting quote from G&A before taking further action. Ravi to enquire to see if we can get a second quote. Once quotes are received Jaymis will contact Christian to see about sharing costs. 

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
      * Cedric to secure snow removal contract.
      * Davenport to check out eaves troughs.
      * Ravi talk to Don about removing band saw, and oversee purchase of Drew's band saw. 
      * Christine to get Tool Loaning Guidelines up on Wiki.
      * Jaymis to follow up with G&A quote. Ravi to look at getting a second opinion. 
      * Cedric to work on membership register list for door access.     
      * Ravi to put Selling Kwartzlab Property guidelines on Wiki.
     * James will keep working on the laser.

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: James
 * seconded by: Steph
 * passes: unanimous
* Adjourned at: 9:59pm.
