{{Meeting
|Date=2013/10/09
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Attending ===
:* Jonathan
:* Ben
:* Mark
:* Doug
:* Jaymis
:* James
:* Darcy

=== Call to Order ===
:* Called to order by Jaymis at 19:50
:** Seconded by Doug

=== Approval of Agenda ===
:* Motion by Darcy
:** Seconded by Jaymis
:** Approved unanimously

=== Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes ===
:* Motion by Ben
:** Seconded by Darcy
:** yea: 6
:** nay: 0
:** abstain: 1 (Mark)

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're awesome.

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* We had a surplus in September of ~$200.

=== Recurring Business ===

==== Previous Meeting Action Items ====
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan)
:* Action item: Type up things to be added to board procedure (Ben)
:* Action item: establish a schedule to the end of the year (Ben) - done
:* Action item: prepare a bill of materials for the Hacky Hallowe'en kits (James) - done

==== Reimbursements ====

==== Documentation of Board Procedures ====
:* Still needs to be done

==== Review of mailing list votes ====
:* Nothing to review

=== New Business ===

==== SoOnCon ====
:* Ben has been gathering information on venue and costs.
:* Several people are considering doing talks (we have 9 currently)

==== Board Manual ====
:* Mark has created a board procedures manual.
:* It should be read more closely by the members of the board.

=== Old Business ===

==== Review of Purchasing Procedure ====
:* Expenditures from consumables fund are to be approved by Ben in accordance with by-laws
:* Website needs to be updated to reflect new procedures
:* Action item: Send a re-wording of board procedure to Mark (Ben)

==== Membership Application Process ====
:* Ben is working on a new on-line form for this.

==== Cleaning Paint Stains ====
:* Action item: Pick up supplies for this (James)

==== Hacky Halloween ====
:* James has the BOM
:* We should probably have a call for volunteers soon

=== Action items from this meeting ===
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan)
:* Action item: Send a re-wording of board procedure to Mark (Ben)
:* Action item: Pick up supplies for cleaning of concrete (James)

=== Adjournment ===
:* Motion to adjourn at 20:37 by Darcy
:** Seconded by Jaymis
:** Approved unanimously
