KwartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
    Meeting Minutes
----------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Thursday, November 27, 2009
* Time: 7:30pm
* Location: KwartzLab Workroom
* Meeting #16

BOARD MEMBERS

* Present:  Alexandra Dysinski, Cedric Puddy, Eric Gerlach, Robert Gissing, Stephanie Smith, Ben Brown, Darin White
* Absent: 
* Quorum: Yes (7/7)

OTHERS

* KwartzLab Members: Darcy Casselman, Matt Bell, Paul Walker, Alex Williams (arrived at 2115), Jessica Claymen (arrived at 2115)

Distribution: To all KwartzLab Society Board Members

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary@kwartzlab.ca> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions.

1. Call to Order
----------------

The President Eric Gerlach acted as Chair for the meeting, and called the meeting to order at 1956 EST. The Secretary, Stephanie Smith, recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

2. Approval of the Agenda
-------------------------

The Agenda was presented by the Presented, and approved by the general consensus of the Board.

3. Public in the Space
----------------------

There was a very detailed discussion regarding when and how public should be allowed into the space. The only consensus reached was that we should use social conventions rather than legislation to establish how the space gets used and interacts with the public and third-parties.

Two specific scenarios were discussed 

  1) members hosting events which are open to the public
  
  2) external groups booking our space for their own (private or public) events
  
In both cases, questions of money are crucial -- under what circumstances should there be a non-member cover charge for the public entering the space? Does this work better as a recommended (but voluntary) donation? Or framed as a "member discount"?

Time/space as a limited resource was also discussed -- if the lab is opened up to the public for an event, that's time when its not available to the membership as their lab. We need to be able to better monitor how and when the lab is being used by members, to more accurately assess whether or not open events really do impact member-usage of the lab. If members aren't using the lab certain nights anyway, then an open event may be better than nothing at all. 

Motion Passed: Be it resolved that the Board affirms that members can organize events for members, within the existing guidelines of the space; if they're going to bring the public in, events must be approved by the board with enough lead-time for the board to discuss the event. The board will consider all requests, with consideration of prime time.

  Motion Moved: Eric Gerlach
  Motion Seconded: Darin White
  
  Discussion: The distinction of "guests" is important: "public" does not 
  mean "guests". Members will need to use common sense when deciding what 
  constitutes a "guest".

    In Favour: 7
    Opposed: 0
    

Concerns were expressed about the implications of third parties hosting for-profit events in the space, and then keeping the money. I.e., somebody teaching a for-profit class.

    Action 16.1 on Eric: Call our insurance broker and 
    ensure we properly understand the insurance implications of event 
    organizers keeping revenue from events held in our space.
    
    
4. Adjournment
--------------

The meeting was adjourned at 2148EST

  Motion Moved: Alexandra Dysinski
  Motion Seconded: Ben Brown
  In Favour: 6
  Opposed: 1