KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Meeting Minutes
----------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Thursday, February 17, 2011
* Time: 1930 EST
* Location: KwartzLab Society Inc.
* Meeting #60

BOARD MEMBERS

* Present:  Alex Williams, Cedric Puddy, Robert Gissing, Stephanie Smith
* Absent: 	Eric Gerlach, Ben Brown, Paul Walker
* Quorum:   Yes (4/7)


Distribution: To all KWartzLab Society Board Members

----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions. 


Proceedings:
==============

1.  Call to Order
-----------------

Director Cedric Puddy acted as chair for the meeting, calling it to order at 1941 EST. The Secretary recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.


2.  Approval of the Agenda
--------------------------

The agenda was presented by the Meeting Chair, and was approved by the general consent of the Board.

3. Report from the President
----------------------------

The President reported that he had a breakfast meeting with Martin DeGroot, regarding the Arts Council, wherein he gave Martin an update on what we're doing. He also emailed Roger Farwell (CEES) a letter of introduction, and will be arranging a breakfast meeting in the next couple of weeks.

Jessica Clayman will be our next Art Wall artist, and is appearing on the radio this evening.

4. Report from the Treasurer
---------------------------

There was no Treasurer to report.

5. Old Business
---------------

  5.1. Heavy Equipment Lab
  ------------------------
  
  1. Electrical Work
    Robert Gissing reported that he & John finished the electrical work. It took 8 hours to complete, and he was
    present for the entire time. The job came in under $1200. We need to give John a cheque for the work.
    
    The lab is now ready for wiring, which we should be able to accomplish through volunteer member labour.
    
    ACTION 60.1: Gus to post to members list for somebody to manage internal wiring.
    
  2. Security of Boiler Room Door
    There was a brief discussion regarding that state of the door. A dead bolt has been purchased, but is not yet 
    installed. 
    
  5.2. Budget Revision
  --------------------
  
  There was no Treasurer to report.
  
  5.3. Purchasing Request: Cleaning Supplied
  ------------------------------------------
  
  Rob was not present to make his request.
  
  5.4. Maker Faire Toronto
  ------------------------
  
  Ben was not present to report.
  
  5.5. Health & Safety
  --------------------
  
  No update.
  
  5.6. Trillium Grants
  --------------------
  
  There was no Treasurer to report.
  
  5.7. Business Plan
  ------------------
  
  Alex Williams reported that he has not yet met with Andrew to work on the plan, but assures us this is no one's
  fault. He is considering approaching somebody at Communitech to help work on this, as there may be an 
  opportunity for synergy: they help start-ups; we do prototyping.
  
  Robert Gissing reported that he's signed a letter of support on behalf of Kwartzlab for THEMUSEUM. The letter
  doesn't commit us to anything; it is just an open-ended statement of support for their upcomign electronic art 
  show. He is hopeful that this make create an opportunity for reciprocal support. 
  
  5.8. Approval of Public Events
  ------------------------------
  
  Alex Williams asked if there was a way that the we can approve public events via the mailing lists. The 
  directors present agreed by general consensus that this would be a helpful change. However, it will require
  a bylaw amendment.
  
6. New Business
---------------

  6.1. Mailing List Moderation
  ----------------------------
  
  The board discussed recent trolling on the public discussion list, and the need for moderation on the list.
  The board would prefer to not have to be directly involved in this -- preferably a moderator can be 
  appointed, and they can arbitrate any conflicts on the list. 
  
  The board agreed that the mailing lists exist to serve the kwartzlab community first and foremost, and that
  we have no responsibility to appease mailing list subscribers who are not otherwise members of our community.
  
  ACTION 60.2: Steph to post to members for a volunteer. Individual will be appointed at the pleasure of the 
  board.
  
Ben Brown arrived at 2000

7. Treasurer's Report
---------------------

The Treasurer reported to the board that we are not broke.

8. Reimbursements
------------------

Motion Passed: To reimburse Cedric Puddy $25.43, for the cutting of 15 entryway keys.
Motion Moved: Stephanie Smith
Seconded: Alex Williams
  In Favour: 4
  Opposed: 0
  Abstained: Cedric Puddy
  
9. Adjournment
--------------

By the general consent of the board, the meeting adjourned at 2006.