# Board Meeting 141

Date: 2015-05-20

Time: 20:30

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

## Attending
* James
* Jaymis
* Stephanie
* Ravi
* Cedric

## Absent
* Jonathan
* John

## Call to Order
* Called to order
    * by: Cedric Puddy
    * at: 20:48

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
    * by: Steph
    * seconded: Jaymis
    * All in favour

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 140
    * motion to approve
        * by: Jaymis
        * seconded: Ravi
        * All in favour

## Report from President

## Report from Treasurer
* 2 members approaching the 60 day threshold on the 25th; Ravi to call one of them.  Steph is continuing to work on contacting the other.

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Action item: talk to Bob & Bob about parking (James)
    * James has been trying, but Bob & Bob have gone quiet.
* Action item: send welcome email to Mischa Kavin (Jonathan)
    * Did not happen, but has become moot.  Mischa has a key, etc.
* Action item: Notify membership of AGM (James)
    * Done.

### Membership Applications

#### Nick Grawburg
    * motion to approve
        * by: James
        * seconded: Cedric
        * All in favour, Steph will let him know

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals

#### Shelving Equipment
* amount: $62.40
* payable to: Agnes Niewiadomski

#### Maker Expo Domain Registration
* amount: $58.44
* payable to: Ben Brown

#### Hardware for AIR Photo Booth
* amount: $157.81
* payable to: Darin White

## New Business

### Year of Code Partnership
* This is basically an advertising/link exchange, with an option to have a table at the launch @ City Hall, July 4, 2015.
    * motion to approve
        * by: Steph
        * seconded: Jaymis
        * All in favour, Steph to contact Terre & Stephanie Rozek

## Old Business

### AGM
* James want's to do a short talk about the state of the lab and finances; many of the membership may not have been following this.  Steph concurs.
* Steph is working on drafting a code of conduct before the end of the month.
* For the financial review, Steph needs to give Matt a ping, as no live signs have been observed.

### TWC Partnership
* No concerns that anyone is aware of at this time.

### Maker Expo
* Ravi confirms that it's moving, launch party next wednesday at Cork Hall at McCabes, some sponsorship people on hook, had a meeting at Kitchener City Hall.  Logo work and related graphic design is settled.

### Heavy Lab Reorganization
* Ravi says that electrical is proceeding, Neil is running it, and it's proceeding.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Year of Code - contact Terre & Stephanie Rozek (Steph)
* Nick Grawburg - contact to let him know he's a member (Steph)
* Contact arrears members (Steph & Ravi)
* Code of Conduct draft (Steph)
* Presentation for AGM (James)

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
    * by: James
    * seconded by: Ravi
    * All in favour
* Adjourned at: 21:15
