KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Meeting Minutes
----------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Thursday, January 6, 2011
* Time: 1730 EST
* Location: Kwartzlab Society Inc. Head Quarters
* Meeting #51

BOARD MEMBERS

* Present:   Ben Brown, Cedric Puddy, Robert Gissing, 
      Stephanie Smith, Alex Williams
* Absent: 	Eric Gerlach, Paul Walker
* Quorum:   Yes (4/7)

OTHER ATTENDEES

* KwartzLab Members: Bevan Lantz, Andrew Mackie, Pawel Czarny, James Bastow, Rob Adler


Distribution: To all KWartzLab Society Board Members

----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions. 


Proceedings:
==============

1.  Call to Order
-----------------

The President, Robert Gissing, acted as chair for the meeting, calling it to order at 1933 EST. The Secretary, Stephanie Smith, also recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.


2.  Approval of the agenda
--------------------------

The agenda was presented by the President. Director Alex Williams asked to add a comment regarding O'Reilly Books to New Business. No objections being noted, the agenda, including this addition, was approved by general consent. 

3. Report from the President
----------------------------

The President reported to the Board that he has been in further touch with the TEDx organizers. They will be attending our next TON, at which point we can begin discussing what a collaboration between us might look like.

Our next TON is the January Art Wall opening, featuring Agnes Agnes Niewiadomski; the President indicated that he was also invited Gord from CAFKA to join us.

4. Report from the Treasurer
----------------------------

The Treasurer presented the Board with a financial report. This week's comic was printed in invisible ink, disappointing many of the Directors present. The Treasurer indicated that he was not able to make a deposit over the holidays, so we actually have more money that is shown in our bank account. Conversely, our Landlord has not yet cashed our November rent cheque.

5. Old Business
---------------

  5.1. Website & Mailing Lists
  ----------------------------
  
  5.1.1. Update for action 39.2 on Ben Brown: build new site in 
  WordPress
  
  Ben Brown indicated that he has just received access to the back-end 
  database, and can now begin migrating blog posts. All of the static 
  content on the website has all ready been migrated either to 
  WordPress or Mediawiki.
  
  He also indicated that we'll need some new photos for the site, and 
  he will solicit among the membership. There is also a "KwartzLab" 
  photo pool on flickr, and many of the photos there have all ready 
  been released under some form of Creative Commons license.
  
  5.2. Alarm & Anti-Burglary Systems
  ----------------------------------
  
  5.2.1. Update on action 39.3 on Ben Brown: install webcam security 
  cam outside our front door

  Ben Brown reported that James Bastow is looking for a project box to 
  mount the camera.
  
  Robert Gissing indicated that he has picked up another camera, if we 
  want additional cameras inside our space. The Board agreed by 
  general consent that we should limit the number of cameras inside 
  our space -- the current webcam is as far as we want to go at this 
  point.
  
  5.3. KwartzLab Store
  --------------------
  
  5.3.1. Update for action 41.2 on Paul Walker: organize arduino order 
  for shop
  
  Paul Walker provided an update via email before the meeting, which 
  the Secretary shared with the Board: the Unos have arrived, however 
  he is out of town at the moment, and so hasn't accepted delivery 
  yet. Paul will drop them off at the lab, and provide the Board with 
  the final total, this weekend.
  
  There was a brief discussion regarding additional logistics and 
  accounting concerns around the store. The Treasurer advised that the 
  KwartzLab store books need to be kept separate from KwartzLab's 
  operating books. A separate bank account will need to be 
  established, and somebody charged with keeping it. The Treasurer 
  further indicated that he would not be able to take on this 
  responsibility. 
  
  The Board deferred further discussion regarding these matters, until 
  Paul Walker can be present.
  
  5.4. Heavy Equipment Lab
  ------------------------
  
  5.4.1. Update for action 48.2 on Robert Gissing: get an additional 
  electrical work quote -- Conestoga Electrical on Jan 3; Harold 
  Stecho to be scheduled.
  
  Robert Gissing reported to the Board that Jim from Conestoga 
  Electric has reviewed the electrical work required in the heavy 
  equipment lab, and should have a quote ready for us tomorrow.
  
  He is still trying to schedule a meeting with Stecho.
  
  Gus further reported that he talked with the building's furnace 
  maintenance person. The boiler is not actually connected to the 
  thermostat, and things are "a mess". 
  
  As well, somebody had kicked in the outside boiler room door last 
  week. As our heavy equipment lab has access directly off of the 
  boiler room, this is cause for concern. There was a brief discussion 
  regarding securing our door with a better lock.
  
  5.4.2. Update for action 48.3 on Robert Gissing: get a list of 
  actual materials, so we can see what members can source.
  
  Pending.
  
  5.4.3. Lighting.
  
  James Bastow and Karl Williams installed some "pretty ghetto" 
  lighting in the heavy equipment lab. It will do for now, but needs 
  to be upgraded after the electrical work is completed.
  
  5.5. Health & Safety
  --------------------
  
  5.5.1. Update for action 43.3 on Ben Brown: Sell Nokia on eBay 
  
  No updated. The Board agreed to remove this item from future 
  agendas, until there is further activity.
  
  There was a brief discussion regarding the placement and visibility 
  of the emergency phone. Ben Brown indicated that Karl Williams is 
  working on a box to hold it, which will make it more prominent.
  
  5.5.2. Health & Safety Policy
  -----------------------------
  
  Robert Gissing indicated that he will be asking the Board for 
  permission to engage half an hour of Russ the Lawyer's time. This 
  will cost $130.
  
  5.6. kLARP Report
  -----------------
  
  The Board had a lengthy discussion regarding the kLARP report, which 
  was presented on December 23. Unfortunately, the most promising of 
  the available spaces have a 2-year life span, and even these are 
  more expensive than our current location. The general consensus of 
  the Board was that although not perfect, our current location is 
  still the best available option.
  
  The Board further agreed that regular surveys of the market, and 
  re-evaluations of our current location are still valuable exercises. 
  Given that are current lease is month-to-month, it is also valuable 
  to have some sort of emergency exit strategy in mind.
  
  The Board further agreed that just because our current location is 
  the best available option, we should not be complacent about the 
  problems therein. We need to be proactive about securing our 
  location, and do everything we can to ensure the safety and comfort 
  of our members and guests.
  
  Motion: Having received & review the kLARP report, the board feels 
  we are best served by our current place, and that the practice of 
  regular reviews of available of real estate should be continued in 
  future years.
  
  So moved by Cedric Puddy.
  Seconded by Ben Brown.
  In favour: 5
  Opposed: 0
  Abstained: 0

  Motion passes.
  
  5.7. Budget Revision
  --------------------
  
  5.7.1. Update for 45.2 on Ben Brown: post new budget to Board list 
  for review.

  Ben Brown indicated that he would have a budget draft posted to the 
  Board list next week.
  
6. New Business
---------------

  6.1. Wintereenmas
  -----------------
  
  Bevan Lantz presented the Board with his request to host a 
  Wintereenmas games day in the lab, on Saturday January 29. The event 
  would be open to the general public during the afternoon, but 
  restricted to members and guests in the evening.
  
  There was a brief discussion regarding the success of last year's 
  event.
  
  Motion: The Board approves a Wintereenmas gaming event on January 29 
  2011, open to the public from 1-6pm.
  
  So moved by: Stephanie Smith
  Seconded: Alex Williams
  In favour: 5
  Opposed: 0
  Against: 0
  
  Motion passes.
  
  6.2. Member Applicant: Don Leibold
  
  The President addressed the Board regarding concerns that a member 
  raised regarding Don Leibold's membership application. Although we 
  have no formal policy or rule against sleeping in the lab, since our 
  inception, our members have expressed concerns about people "living" 
  in the lab, and our culture doesn't support habitual sleep-overs. It 
  was requested that the Board ensures the applicant is aware of this 
  culture. The President indicated that he & Alex Williams have all 
  ready spoken with Don about this. 
  
  6.3. Purchase Requests
  ----------------------
  
  Robert Gissing requested permission from the Board  to purchase a 
  deadbolt, and to make appointment with the lawyer. 
  
  Motion: Be it resolved that Robert Gissing is empowered to spend up 
  to $50 on a deadbolt for the Heavy Equipment Lab/Boiler Room door, 
  and to make a half-hour appointment (valued at $130) with the 
  lawyer.
  
  Moved by Ben Brown
  Second Stephanie Smith
  In Favour 4
  Opposed 0
  Abstained Robert Gissing

  Motion passes.
  
  Robert Gissing also indicated that Kevin, friend of KwartzLab, has 
  purchased some parts for the 3-D printer. Although he hasn't asked 
  for a reimbursement, Gus wondered whether we should offer to 
  reimburse him. 
  
  The Board was reminded that the 3-D printer has been sourced 
  entirely by the donations of individuals, and that KwartzLab has not 
  reimbursed anybody else for their contributions. Additionally, the 
  Board has established a firm policy of not reimbursing purchases 
  which were not approved in advance.  The Board decided that not only 
  is offering a reimbursement in this case unnecessary and probably 
  not expected, it would establish a precedent we don't want to set. 
  Instead, we should thank Kevin for his generous contributions.
  
  6.4. O'Reilly Books
  -------------------
  
  Alex Williams addressed the Board regarding a promotional offering 
  that O'Reilly Books has extended to hackerspaces: O'Reilly will give 
  free books to Hackerspaces in exchange for (>400 word) online 
  reviews. This could be a great opportunity for us to populate our 
  library, and generate some online content at the same time. 
  
  Alex Williams will get more info from O'Reilly, and solicit reviews 
  from members.
  
  6.5. Sound System
  -----------------
  
  Rob Adler asked to address the Board regarding the current audio 
  set-up in the lab; the Board agreed by general consent.
  
  During presentational events, our current sound system does an 
  incredibly poor job. We would benefit greatly from additional 
  speakers, as well as a microphone.
  
  There was a brief discussion regarding what sorts of things might be 
  possible, and what they would require. Ideally, we would be able to 
  integrate, and separate, sound between the work room and the lounge 
  at will. However, it is unlikely that anything can be done without 
  spending some money.
  
  Rob offered to draft a proposal for the Board's review, which the 
  Board agreed by general consent to consider.
  
7. Action Items
---------------
39.2 on Ben Brown: build new site in WordPress 
39.3 on Ben Brown: install webcam security cam outside our front door 
48.2 on Robert Gissing: get an additional electrical work quote.
48.3 on Robert Gissing: get a list of actual materials, so we can see what members can supply
45.2 on Ben Brown: post new budget to Board list for review. 
43.3 on Ben Brown: Sell Nokia on eBay
51.1 on Gus: purchase deadbolt for boiler room door
51.2 on Alex: post to discuss list to let folks know about O'Reilly Books deal

4. Adjournment
---------------

The meeting was adjourned by the general consent of the Board at 2024 EST.

