{{Meeting
|Date=2013/09/18
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Attending ===
:* Jonathan
:* Ben
:* Darcy
:* Doug
:* James
:* Jaymis

=== Call to Order ===
:* Called to order by Darcy at 19:53.
:** Seconded by Jaymis

=== Approval of Agenda ===
:* Agenda approved unanimously

=== Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes ===
:* Approved by Jaymis, James, Darcy & Ben
:* Jonathan & Doug abstained

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're awesome.

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* We still don't have utility bills.
:** Ben looking into getting them electronically.
:* We have 53 paying members.
:* We're re-building the emergency fund.

=== Recurring Business ===

==== Reimbursements ====

===== Agnes: Chairs =====
:* $112.77
:* Moved by Darcy
:* Seconded by Jaymis
:* Approved unanimously

===== Mark: Air Compressor =====
:* $288.13
:* Jonathan moved that we defer this until Mark is here
:* Seconded by Jaymis
:* Deferral approved unanimously

===== Doug: Mill End =====
:* $179.94
:* Motion to approve by Ben
:* Seconded by James
:* Approved by all except Doug, who abstained

==== Documentation of Board Procedures ====
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Hiatus
:* Motion by Darcy: remove tool committee from procedures
:** Seconded by: James
:** Approved unanimously
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan)
:* Action item: Type up things to be added to board procedure (Ben)

==== Previous Meeting Action Items ====

=== New Business ===

==== Financial Audit Waiver Methods ====
:* We currently need to have our procedures in writing.
:** Print-offs are probably fine.
:* We need to have our waivers in writing.

==== Membership Application Process ====
:* Give out an information sheet to prospective new members
:* New member talks to an existing member for information on applying
:* Forms for existing members to endorse prospective new members (with picture)
:** Have a web form for this?
:* Once approved, we need to get a contact form filled out
:* We should also have a liability waiver for new members
:** It's not legally binding, but can serve as evidence that they know about the policy
:* New member manual to be prepared

==== Cleaning Schedule ====
:* Action item: establish a schedule to the end of the year (Ben)

==== Cleaning Paint Stains ====
:* Driveway sealant.
:* Motion by Ben: budget $100 to get it fixed.
:** Seconded by: Jaymis
:** Approved unanimously

=== Old Business ===

==== Repair Caf√© ====
:* November 9th 10:00-14:00
:* Details: TBA
:** We might break your stuff, but we'll try not to.

==== Hacky Halloween ====
:* Action item: prepare a bill of materials for the Hacky Hallowe'en kits (James)

=== Action items from this meeting ===
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Action item: remove tool committee from board procedures (Jonathan)
:* Action item: Type up things to be added to board procedure (Ben)
:* Action item: establish a cleaning schedule to the end of the year (Ben)

=== Adjournment ===
:* Motion by Darcy to Adjourn by Darcy
:** Seconded by Ben
:** Approved unanimously
