# Board Meeting 127

Date: 2014-07-28

Time: 20:30

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

## Attending
* Jonathan
* Cedric
* Steph
* Ravi
* James
* Jaymis (late)

## Absent

* Doug

## Call to Order
* Called to order by Cedric at 20:33

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve by Cedric
* Seconded by Ravi
* Approved unanimously

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from AGM 5
    * pending
    * There was an error with the branch in the git repo

* Approval of minutes from board meeting 126
    * Motion to approve by Jonathan
    * Seconded by Cedric
    * Approved unanimously

## Report from President
* Everything is good.
* James went to i3 Detroit.
    * They have lots of awesome stuff.
    * We should too.

## Report from Treasurer
* (included separately)

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Action item: make bylaws readable (Jonathan)
* Action item: Get a VoIP phone number for the lab (Cedric) (done)
* Action item: link web site to board procedures and bylaws on github (Steph) (done)
* Action item: remind members about hiatus procedures (Steph) (done)
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)
* Action item: create a repo for job descriptions (Steph) (done)
    * Should be reviewed
* Action item: get quotes for broken window (Ben) (obsolete)
* Action item: follow up with Ben about window quote (James) (obsolete)
* Action item: create monthly dues statements (Steph) (done)
* Action item: send out a call for help with MakerFaire (Jaymis) (obsolete)

### Reimbursements
* Reimbursement to Ravi for $100 for tool chest
    * pre-approved
* Reimbursement to Cedric for $28.25 for VOIP.ms
    * pre-approved (consumable)

## New Business

### Michael Ahrens' Haitus
* Michael Ahrens has requested to go on haitus from August 1st 2014 to March 1st 2015
   * Motion to approve by Cedric
   * Seconded by Ravi
   * Approved unanimously

### Board Procedure for Notifying Members of Membership Status Changes
* Motion to add board procedure:
    * The secretary will ensure that the membership is notified via the members mailing list of any membership status changes as they happen.
    * Motion by Steph
    * Seconded by Jonathan
    * Approved unanimously

### Asset List
* We need to update this for insurance purposes.
* Asset list should include serial numbers.
* Action item: create an asset list (Ravi)

### Lease Renewal
* We will probably be renewing the lease.
* The landlord wants to keep us here.
* Our current rent is $1695/mo
* Our proposed new rent is $1775/mo.
* We need to review our current lease before coming to a consensus.
* New lease could include snow removal.
    * If so, snow removal must be done in an acceptable manner.
* Action item: get copy of lease from Ben (Steph)
* Action item: Talk to Don MacRae about snow clearing (Jonathan)

## Old Business

### Review of Board Procedures
* Changes has been merged

### PGP Key Exchange for Directors
* We still have outstanding keys

### Job Descriptions for Directors
* In progress

### Broken Window
* Christian is taking care of it

### Password Manager
* Board members need access to the DropBox

### Membership Dues by Electronic Payment
* There has been no negative backlash to Steph's statement on this.

### Heavy Lab Reorganization
* Niel would like pre-approval in principle for the budget.
* The board will receive regular reports on the progress.
* Electrical needs work.
* Phase 1 is estimated to cost $250 ($170 currently spent)
* Phase 2 is estimated to cost $385
* Motion to approve $385 for phase 2 of heavy lab reorganization
    * Motion by James
    * Seconded by Cedric
    * Approved unanimously

### Getting a phone number
* VOIP.ms 226-476-2244
* Credentials in KeePass wallet

### MakerFaire Waterloo
* We are probably past the deadline on this.
* We should cancel with the city if necessary.
* We need to get details from Jaymis.
* We have no form commitments with the city.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Action item: make bylaws readable (Jonathan)
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)
* Action item: create an asset list (Ravi)
* Action item: get copy of lease from Ben (Steph)
* Action item: Talk to Don MacRae about snow clearing (Jonathan)
* Action item: Contact Darcy abut board training from Capacity (Cedric)

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn by Cedric, seconded by Steph, approved unanimously
* Adjourned at 22:15
