{{Meeting
|Date=2013/11/06
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Attending ===
:* Jaymis
:* Ben
:* Doug
:* Darcy
:* James
:* Special Guest, Joe Mancini and Martin from The Working Centre

=== Absent ===
:* Jonathan
:* Mark

=== Call to Order ===
:* Called by Darcy at 7:45pm
:* Seconded by Doug
:* Approved Unanimously

=== Approval of Agenda ===
:* Moved by Doug
:* Seconded by Darcy
:* Approved Unanimously

==== Youth Maker Workshops at the Working Centre ====
:* Doug gave an overview of how we got to this point:
:* Ontario Government Grant for job skills training 
:* Kwartzlab will run this 10-week workshop
:* Working Centre applied for the grant on Kwartzlab's behalf and will pay Kwartzlab to run the workshops
:* This is an opportunity to approach corporate sponsors to get donations to run this workshop
:* The Working Centre is Non-profit with Charitable status
:* Joe Mancini to speak about this.
:* Joe: There is a process to go through to ensure donations are legitimate 
:* These Grants can be depressing, due to their limitations and conditions
:* The Community and Industry Stream has 20 million
:* Entrepreneurial skills: movie, graphic, and website design
:* Maker skills are a crucial aspect
:* already doing a lot of this (first three) on their own
:* looking for ways to take the inherent technical skills youth have and make them marketable skills in the workplace
:* The grants are meant to cover training, not equipment
:* Will look into corporate donations to cover equipment
:* Having a partnership with The Working Centre can benefit Kwartzlab

=== Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes ===
:* Motion by Ben
:* Seconded by James
:* Unanimously approved

=== Report from the President ===
:* My hands are sore (as I am the one filling in for the secretary role)

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Depending upon how you count members, we have up to 59 people
:* Sooncon donated $1K
:* $1840 left in Trillium
:* Electrical needs to be done for CNC

=== Recurring Business ===

==== Previous Meeting Action Items ====
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
not done yet
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan)
:* Action item: Send a re-wording of board procedure to Mark (Ben)
:* Action item: Pick up supplies for cleaning of concrete (James)

(Bob did this recently. He kicks ass. At least James' ass.)

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Reimbursement for Agnes
:* Reimbursement for Gillian
:* Reimbursement for Ben
:* Reimbursement for James 
:* Bell Cartage
:* Bob's extra money for the shed

:* Motion to reimburse James Bastow for SoOnCon & Hacky Halloween expenses
:* Moved: Ben
:* Seconded: Jaymis
:* James obstains
:* Passes unanimously (minus James)

:* Motion to reimburse Agnes N for SoOnCon & Hacky Halloween expenses
:* Moved: Ben 
:* Seconded: James
:* Passes unanimously

:* Motion to reimburse Gillian Gutenberg for SoOnCon Food/Drinks
:* Moved: Ben
:* Seconded: James
:* Passes unanimously

:* Motion to reimburse Ben Brown for SoOnCon 
:* Moved: Darcy
:* Seconded: James
:* Passes unanimously (minus Ben)

==== Documentation of Board Procedures ====
:* Not done

==== Review of mailing list votes ====
:* Approved the expression of interest for the grant thingy with The Working Centre

=== New Business ===

==== Receipts for Sean Yo ====
:* Receipts for Hacky Hallowe'en electronics so that we can get a $250 grant from Mozilla

==== Youth Members (16 & 17) ====
:* Youths should be eligible to apply for memberships like anyone else.
:* For legal reasons, they can't hold board positions.
:* Youth members should otherwise have all the same rights and privileges as any other member.
:* Doug moves
:* James seconds
:* all in favour

==== Mystery Member Behind on Dues ====
:* Ben to discuss this.
:* will follow up with member

==== Public Event: 3D Printer Meeting ====
:* November 7th
:* meetings will happen once in a while

:*Ben killed the fly. It was a feat of timing and courage.

:*Doug moves
:*Darcy seconds
:*unanimously approved

=== Old Business ===

==== SoOnCon ====
:* It made money
:* James revived 3 badges
:* Thinkhaus may do it next year

==== Board Manual ====
:* skip

==== Review of Purchasing Procedure ====
:* It is not unanimous if there is an abstention due to reasons of conflict of interest

=== Stolen items reimbursements ===
:* It was unanimous, money coming out of the capital fund
:* James moves to cover up to $1600 
:* Jaymis seconds
:* Unanimous approval

==== Membership Application Process ====
:* Ben was busy. Ben hopes to have something concrete for the next board meeting.
:* New members will need to have a current member vouch for them.
:* Should there be a minimal amount of feedback before voting on the member?
:* The member sponsoring them has to submit the application for them

==== Cleaning Paint Stains ====
:* Bob did this and he is awesome. He is a God among men.

==== Hacky Halloween ====
:* Done. 80 kits. More people, but less participants

==== Trillium Grant Update ====
:* Electrical to commission the router
:* Ravi knows a guy. An actual professional guy. 
:* May use Ravi's guy for both Trillium and other outstanding electrical projects

=== Action items from this meeting ===
:* Doug will communicate status of meeting with the Working Centre to Christine
:* Ben will send an invoice to Sean Yo for Hacky Halloween stuff in the amount to $250
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan) 

=== Adjournment ===
:* Motion to adjourn at 9:23pm by Darcy
:* Seconded by Ben
:* Approved Unanimously
