# Board Meeting 150

Date: 20160211
Time: 2045
Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
Meeting Type: Board Meeting
Minutes by: Cedric

## Attending
* Present: Cedric, Steph, Jaymis, Ravi, Christine, James, Davenport

## Absent
* Absent: n/a

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: Davenport
 * seconded: Christine
 * at: 2045

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: Cedric
 * seconded: Christine
 * approved; unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 148
 * motion to approve
     * by: James
     * seconded: Cedric
     * approved: all but Davenport, who abstained (raised by a pack of wild lawyers, on account of not having been present for 149)

## Report from President:
	* 148: Everything is awesome; lab is cleanish, but not cleaner than last week.
	* 149: Everything is still here.  (Question: have you done a complete audit?)
	* 150: Everything is awesome, lab running alright, member engagement ignited by coat rack topic.

## Report from Treasurer:
	* 148: The report from November has been tabled.  Electricity in the winter was about $500-600/bill last year.
	* 149: We have more money than last month.  Report sent yesterday; nominal month.  Discussion of the reports.
	* 150: Year end will be done shortly, situation nominal; we remain in the black.

* Jan, 2016 Financial Report
 * motion to accept
     * by: James
     * seconded: Cedric
        * approved: unanimous

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Cedric - contact Dirt & Snow for quotes (was: circulate snow clearing details before next meeting)
	* 148: Invoice has been received and paid, to be removed from future minutes.
	* 149: Reviewed status and emails to Trevor so far; am waiting for a reply confirming the expected window.
	* 150: To be removed from future.
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update
        * 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
        * 144: power meter has arrived, tube has not been ordered yet (some research is required), much measuring has been done
        * 145: laser runs fine at 80%, and no unreliability so long as not overdriven, therefore so not urgent, want to move laser first.  We can get a new tube in about a week, and we have the money reserved.
        * 146: James to finish his diagram and bill of materials so as to make a proper proposal.
        * 147: James is continuing to explore the laser system and looking at the best way to fix/upgrade.
	* 148: Is ongoing, parts are being ordered, parts are in transit, Davenports solution is holding the line for the moment.  Tube is fine, everything else has been other issues.
	* 149: James is on track for having work done by end of Feb.  Laser was offline because someone moved it, and ripped the air hose off; the Jaymis used it on Tuesday, there was air then.  James needs to check the lens, becuase it may have been used while the air was broken, and may therefore be fouled.  If the water had been disconnected, it would have alarmed and shut down.
	* 150: Did some testing, is ongoing; timeline was Jan/Feb, and it's Chinese New Year, so it's celebrating.  (translation: waiting on some parts to come in).
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
        * 143: Steph will draft a thing
        * 144: was not expected to be done today
        * 145: n/c
        * 146: not until christmas
        * 147: n/c
	* 148: n/c
	* 149: has started.
	* 150: ongoing, is in git.
* Ravi - will write guidelines for how we sell lab property
        * 147: Done. To be put on Wiki.
	* 148: Not done yet.
	* 149: Needs wiki login.
	* 150: Has login, is working on it.

### Membership Changes: 
	* Rob Green needs to be voted on.
		* James will contact, encourage more time @ TON, etc.
		* 150: James to email.
	* Kevin LeBlanc needs to be voted on.
		* James will contact, encourage more time @ TON, etc.
		* 150: James to email.
	* Darcy Casselman is withdrawn, as of 2015-12-31
		* 149: membership registrar needs to be updated; staying on mailing list.
		* 150: To be checked when Cedric wraps up Gus's acct.
	* Robert "Gus" Gissing withdrawing as of 2016-01-31
		* 150: Needs to be wrapped up now.

#### Overdue Accounts (In Camera):
      * 1 overdue account.  
	* motion to terminate E.M. membership due to abondoned membership
		* by: Jaymis
		* seconded: James
		* approved: unanimous

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
Reimbursements since the last meeting:
OpEx: 214.93 to Ben Brown for day/night camera for back door (RR 329115242321150067)
OpEx: 56.45 to Ben Brown for printer paper (RR 328793219884446690)
OpEx: 45.19 to Matthew Bells for 70 metal cutting disks (RR 331014647716947568)
OpEx: $45.00 to Agnes Niewiadomski for collapsable clothing rack (RR 330978601532739286)
	* motion to approve
		* by: James
		* seconded: Steph
		* approved: unanimous

## New Business
* Christine - Volunteer Management
	* 149: During heavy lab discussion, questions about fresh ways to engage people in helping around the lab came up.  Plan was to talk further at meeting 150.
	* 150: Christine is now free of the TWC, and is now engaging on the volunteer

## Old Business

### Front and Back Doors:
     * 147: Jaymis awaiting quote from G&A before taking further action. Ravi to enquire to see if we can get a second quote. Once quotes are received Jaymis will contact Christian to see about sharing costs. 
     * 148: Jaymis says it has been trouble, GA has new system that is not working well.  We have one quote that is about $1083 for changes that we do not believe will fix the sticking issue.
     * 149: n/c
     * 150: Davenport will take this on for the month, James happy to meet anyone onsite.
* TWC: has wrapped up with $70 surplus, and the following upsides:
	* 10 new laptops
	* modules useful in running a course
	* 4 brand new sewing machines
	* general supplies (sd cards, usb keys, etc.)
	* cash in pocket for some members who helped run the course
	* new clear containers
	* TWC assumed happy; students seemed invovled, no formal debrief yet from TWC.
	* Chrisine FTW!
* Maker Expo 2016 firing up.
	* Per meeting 149, KwartzLab is the support org for MakerExpo, first meeting was to be 2016-01-21, event will be 2016-09-10
	* This entry for tracking status.
	* 150: Ravi - just working on sponsor development, progress is happening.
* Heavy Lab update from Neil.
	* Per meeting 149, Neil is moving forward with phases 5 & 6, new welding curtains, storage changes, etc.
	* This entry for tracking status.
	* 150: Various things in progress, wall around the sink down in prep for new welding curtains (helper lined up).  Shelves on window wall started.  Could use help, lots of projects.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Cedric - terminate E.M.  Membership
* Cedric - tidy up R.G., D.C. memberships
* James - to create a Oil, Lube, Filter and Bandages day (every three months, on the 3rd tuesday)
* Davenport - will take on The Doors

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: Davenport
 * seconded by: Cedric
 * passes: unanimous - presumably
* Adjourned at: 2137
