# Board Meeting 135

Date: 2015-01-12

Time: 20:30

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

## Attending
* Cedric Puddy
* James Bastow
* Jaymis Goertz
* John Wynen
* Ravi Baboolal
* Steph Smith

## Absent
* Jonathan Lamothe

## Call to Order
* Called to order
    * by: Cedric Puddy
    * at: 20:51

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
    * by: Ravi Baboolal
    * seconded: James Bastow
    * approved unanimously

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes

* Approval of minutes from board meeting 134
    * motion to approve
        * by: Jaymis Goertz
        * seconded: John Wynen
        * approved unanimously

## Report from President

Everything is pretty good. We have a new artist in residence.

## Report from Treasurer

The lights are still on. Also, we have a new artist in residence.

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Action item: file Trillium documents (Jaymis) - Completed
* Action item: make three filing cabinet keys (Steph) - Completed
* Action item: fix drain vent (James) - Postponed
* Action item: fix website links (Steph) - Completed

### Membership Applications

None recorded.

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals

None recorded.

## New Business

### 2015 Operating Budget Draft

The Treasurer presented a draft for the 2015 operting budget. The draft was also posted to the members mailing list, for review by the membership.

There were no notable changes from the 2014 operating budget. 

The Treasurer indicated that our current Emergency Fund is slightly under funded. The fund is supposed to cover operating expenses (including HST) for 3 months. Under the 2015 operating budget, 3 months of operating expenses equals $8323.56. The Emergency Fund currently contains $7611.00.

* Motion to allocate an additional $712.56 from the Pperating Fund to the Emergency Fund. 
    * by: James Bastow
    * seconded: Jaymis Goertz
    * approved unanimously
		
The Treasurer re-allocated the funds during the meeting.

* Motion to accept the submitted 2015 Operating Budget Draft 
    * by: John Wynen
    * seconded: Jaymis Goertz
    * approved unanimously

### Non-Member Tool Use

The board continued a discussion regarding non-member use of tools, which had begun on the Members' mailing list.

The scope of concern is public events, such as Tuesday Open Nights, and not guests of members or workshop events.

The board is reminded that part of the goal of open events is to give the public an opportunity to "try before you buy". This needs to be balanced against the fact that there is a hard cost to providing these resources, and if tool use is valuable to people, we want them to become members.

What metric should be used to determine whether a tool should be member-only? The cost of repair/replacement if a tool is damaged by misuse? The risk of injury to user, in the case of misuse?

Other considerations: many of our tools are quirky. Being trained on *a* CNC mill is not the same as being trained on *our* CNC mill. 

Given the chaotic nature of Tuesday Open Night, any policy needs to be easy to communicate, easy to implement, flexible, and in keeping with our open atmosphere.

The board agreed that being too granular or strict when classifying tools would be unsustainable, and contrary to the goal of Open Night. 

The final consensus was:

* any member can label a tool as being "members only". This means that the tool may be easily damaged or cause significant injury through mis-use.

* enforcement of "members only" tools will be relaxed. We won't worry if known non-members use "members only" tools, if they are doing so in a way which is obviously safe and responsible.  

* the "members only" label should be a physical label placed in a visible spot on the tool. It may be an attribute of the asset tag, or a seperate label.

* TON visitors need to be made aware that some tools are members only, and to look for the label.

* Action item: Follow up with Ben on the updated Asset Tag (James)

* Action item: Create interim "members only" labels for the most fragile machines (Ravi)

## Old Business

### Drain Venting

* Action item: fix drain vent (James) - Postponed

James reported that no progress has been made on this yet. The venting is not pressing, and we should wait until Spring, when it will be easier to deal with.

### Heavy Lab Reorganization

Ravi told an exciting story about turning the breaker off.

Many changes have been made in the heavy lab. Everything is now on wheels. And old bench has been removed. Neil will be building a new one to replace it. 

The new configruation is usable, but will take some time getting used to. Some tools haven't yet found a "natural home".

The metalworking area still needs some work. In particular, the welding shields are often in the way, and should be replaced with something with a lower profile. 

The electrical rewiring project is proceeding. An outline of the work to be done has been drafted, and we should be receiving a quote shortly.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Action item: Follow up with Ben on the updated Asset Tag (James)
* Action item: Create interim "members only" labels for the most fragile machines (Ravi)

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
    * by: James Bastow
    * seconded by: Jaymis Goertz
    * approved unanimously
* Adjourned at: 21:43
