{{Meeting
|Date=2013/01/14
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by James at 19:47

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Motion Forwarded: Rob
:* Motion Second: Doug

=== Report from the President ===
:* No report this meeting

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Have estimates in for various jobs at Kent st. Ben has outlined the ones posted on the mailing list in his report
:* Revising the network drop estimate based on new info
:* Since we lost a member next month, we're in negative balance starting next month for membership income, but there has been interest from other visitors
:* Ben working on year end paperwork

=== New Business ===

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Noone is over two months at the moment.

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Taylor Morey - $300 - Plumbing Supplies
::* In favour - unanimous
::* Seconded - Doug
:* Chris Bruner - $? - Floor Supplies
::* To be voted on mailing list
:* Andrew Mackie - $33 - Upstairs Wall
::* In favour - unanimous
:* Bob DeGregory - $57.17 Downstairs Wall
::* In favour - unanimous
:* Mark Pitcher - $46.87 - Paint Supplies, safety equipment
::* In favour - unanimous

==== Opening Night Planning ====
:* Doug - wondering if we needed to have a discussion about this
:* Darcy - Action Item: press releases, invite dignitaries
:* Action Item: pamplets/flyers to neighbours
:* Action Item: Gus - bar license - applied for it
:* Action Item: Kwartzlab swag - Ben
:* Action Item: James to look into Tshirts

=== Old Business ===

==== Upper Floor Safety Inquiry ====
:* To address the question about fire safety questions about the second floor. 
:* Action Item: Talk with Christian about this question - Ben - Sent an email to Christian
:* Removing from agenda - ongoing work

==== Snow removal ====
:* Hire somebody?
:* Action Item: Darcy - Look into snow service to handle snow clearing for the winter - no update this meeting
:* Doug: has a source that seems fairly inexpensive - per snow work rather than contract - Doug to look into estimate

==== Move to Kent Street ====
:* Prioritization for this week
::* Action Item: Call Terry to confirm truck/trailer on Saturday
::* Action Item: James to decommission laser on Thursday
::* Action Item: Rob to reserve truck with power lift
::* Action Item: Rob to send email to members again about getting rid of their stuff
::* Action Item: continuation of moving stuff to Kent and organizing Boehmer stay/move piles
::* Action Item: Ben - network rack
::* Action Item: Ben - to label big things that are staying/junking
::* Action Item: Prepping everything else
::* Action Item: Rob to buy tape for boxes
::* Action Item: Drywall work to be done/mostly done
::* Action Item: Parts room - pack and move over to Kent
:* Split plan action
:* Build out / planning for 33 Kent St.
::* Doug - sign creations - get job - rear sign $60, front sign $75
:::* Preapproval on the amount: Doug
:::* Second: Karl
:::* In Favour: Unanimous
::* Agnes has offered up to do the work here - cost estimate to come 
::* Decision on which route is taken will be determined by cost
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - Karl / Mark - delivery Wed.
::* Action Item: Sanding 2nd flooring / Repainting - Andrew, Chris B.
::* Action Item: Network drops - Ben
::* Action Item: Kitchenette - Andrew/Rob - shoot for $300 maximum, Ben emailed guy with stove - still waiting
::* Action Item: James - door security hardware investigation

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Previous Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release
:* Previous Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time
:* Doug would like to look into getting the 3D printer with Trillium grant money sooner than later, possibly for the party event
:* Need to re-get quotes for the items listed from the grant to help start the purchasing process - can be done by members to get 3 quotes and bring those back to the board for review
:* Action Item: Darcy - original quote list can be scanned and put up on the wiki, currently sent via Admin mailing list
:* Proposed Date: Feb. 16th

==== Hackademy Collaboration - Family Day (To Be Named) ====
:* Followup
:* No updates from Doug this meeting. Going to follow up on the various details moving forward.

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Doc is concerned about people not wearing eye protection. The board supports his advocacy to have proper protection. Glasses have been purchases and brought to Kent for the build out
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various
:* No updates this meeting

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 20:37
Forwarded by: Rob
Second: James
In favour: Unanimous


=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Karl
* Ben
* Doug
* Mark
* Rob
* James

==== Regrets ====
* Darcy
 
==== Unknown ====
*

==== Unknown ====
*
