{{Meeting
|Date=2012/12/08
|Time=15:00
|Address=283 Duke St. W., Unit 106 Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}

=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy Casselman at 15:03

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Motion Forwarded: Darcy
:* Motion Second: Karl
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Report from the President ===
:* No report

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* No report

=== New Business ===

==== David Malinowski ====
:* Allowing a staggered hiatus over a year
:* Darcy Motion: That we get planned monthly attendance during the course of the year, prepaid, hiatus allowed in this case
:* Rob: Disagree with this proposal, as it sets a bad precendent
:* James and Ben: same lines, not agreeing
:* All in favour: 2
:* Not in favour: 5
:* Motion not carried

=== Old Business ===

==== Pandora Lease ====
:* Ben to present to the board
:* Discussed the various parts of the lease. Description of usage seems odd, but Ben and Rob Gissing raised questions about usage. Ben to raise question with Christian if any change is required to this (which doesn't sound like it does).
:* Motion: To vote on this lease as is: Ben
:* Seconded: Darcy
:* All in favour: Unanimous

==== Moving ====
:* Timelines, details, expenses, etc.
:* Pay for current month rent, with overlap in January (last month's rent) to landloard at Boehmer Box and provide notice
:* This allows us to build out the new location and then move everything in during January
:* Removal of additional electrical that we installed
:* Emailing membership about move, also copies of notice/move to lawyer as well
:* Need to plan for moving / build out
:* Need to book moving truck(s) to approve expenses
:* Action Item: to plan out series events that need to happen to execute us leaving / moving / buildout for the new location - to be allocated according to areas. Plan out on the WIKI. 
:* Action Item: Letter sent to lawyer, cc:ed board - Rob Gissing - Done
:* 

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Buying the stuff
:* Making the announcement
:* Technical issues during Friday's meeting. Ben summary, that if we need to change any of the items on the approved list, that we have to re-submit the changes to Trillium for approval
:* Purchases will probably not be happening until the move to the new space, some to be purchased for the new space
:* Other items to be covered and done as per document provided
:* Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting
:* Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move)

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
Ben moves to adjourn at 15:48
Darcy Seconds
All in favour: Unanimous


=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Darcy
* Mark
* Ben
* Rob
* Doug
* Karl
* James

==== Regrets ====
* 
 
==== Unknown ====
*
