{{Meeting
|Date=2013/06/26
|Time=20:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave. Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Darcy Casselman calls this meeting at 20:38

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Report from the President ===
:* We are awesome!  Thank you and good night.

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Large deposit to do including Maker Faire cheque. Will put us up to $17000 roughly
:* $430 left in the tool fund
:* $9200 left in Triliium grant
:* Bills are paid
:* chomping through the membership fees. Looks like everything is up to date currently.
:* Electrical bill has finally evened out. Average $90 a month.
:* Gas and water has been negligable cost wise
:* $30 in donations in the last month
:* Maker Faire has paid out, made $102 for the soldering station at the faire
:* Emergency fund is topped up

=== New Business ===

==== Membership Changes Logging ====
:* New Members: 3 approved, 1 pending, Rob to email the new members and set them up on email
:* Stephanie Trotter, Michael Ahrens, Ryan Wicks accepted
:* Members Leaving: already noted last meeting

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Ben to follow up with this

==== Reimbursements ====
:* none

==== Board hand-over ====
:* Welcome Jaymis and Jonathan!
:* New board meeting time? Wednesday at 7:30pm (post review with Johnathan)
:* Signing authority for Jaymis. Email to new director list to see who wants to be part of the signing group.
:* Get authority signing done at bank July 1st week

==== New member application process ====
:* Follow up from ML conversation
:* How to make it clearer, friendlier, less intimidating for applicants?
:** The process documented on our web site involves a physical meeting that the applicant is encouraged to attend. DIYode uses an interview process. We silently abandoned the concept of interviews, because email is more convenient.
:* How to make it more convenient for members and the board? Kudos to Doug, re:photos
:* Updating the application form. Ben feels it needs updating to be more current.
:* Integrating applicants into community
:* Action Item: Online form for member application - Ben
:* Action Item: Member welcoming information/page - Doug

==== Parking at Kwartzlab ====
:* Mark has talked to MTD
:* Should also talk to MCC
:** Talk with Christian to talk with MCC

==== Hacky Halloween 2013 ====
:* At THEMUSEUM? Or at Kwartzlab?
:* Funding, sponsorship
:* Doug had a quick meeting with Charlotte at the meeting, and Shawn from waterloo
:* Doug will present his requests in a near future meeting with TheMuseum
:* will need to order kits this year again. James said we can make up a smaller kit this round.
:* At Kwartzlab? Not recommended in review

==== G33k Art Show ====
:* Can we get in for free? Didn't have to pay last year. 
:* In-kind swap with Maker Faire?
:* Nov22-24 this year
:* Discussion of possibly offering table swap for events
:* Action Item: Ben talk to Miroki about in-kind table swap

==== Air Compressor ====
:* Approve Mark's suggested Canadian Tire purchase? 

==== Tool Fund ====
:* Discuss/clarify purchasing procedure
:* The action item to form the committee never occurred
:* Some members have been buying items for the lab without prior approvals from the board in the abscense of a tool committee
:* Ben recommends setting the float money limit to $200, and individual purchases to $50 based on purchasing history/experience
:* Anything more than $50 per individual purchase, request must be made to board for approval for the purchase (can be done in email)
:* Motion: Ben made a motion to dissolve the tool fund
:* Seconded: James
:* Discussion: Issues with tool purchases can be time sensitive. The board can be responsive to these requests to hopefully not miss out on deals that come up.
:* All in favour: unanimous
:* Motion: To create a $200 money float for smaller purchases - Ben
:* Seconded: James
:* Discussion: none
:* All in favour: unanimous
:* The cash box will have keys provided to signing authority board members only to handle these transactions. All money coming out the float box will require receipts.

==== Which Mailing List? ====
:* There seems to be some confusion about which mailing list to use for what.
:* Any discussion the members should care about goes on members.  This is the default for most things.
:* Votes, boring administrivia goes on admin.  Because we don't want members unsubscribing from members due to this stuff.
:* General meeting announcements and matters of grave corporate import go on announce.  Announce must be kept up to date with all member emails.
:* "Check out this cool link" goes on discuss.  Public event notifications should be sent to discuss as well.

==== Social Media Accounts ====
Social media accounts are not tied to identities of specific Kwartzlab members. BOD holds the credentials.
:* Action Item: Create a new Google account to tie Youtube to. 
:* Action Item: Darcy to use that for the twitter contact

=== Old Business ===

==== Kwartzlab Booth for Maker Faire ====
:* Report? Pretty awesome.

==== Internet Speed Issues ====
:* We know it's not stable. Ben has emailed Cedric about the connection. Mark has as well a few weeks ago.
:* Ben to provide a report on this, possibly new cable solutions
:* Proposed course of action will be to remove the 2 DSL connections and go cable with Packet Works. Cedric will supply $50 towards the monthly fee and Kwartzlab will supply the rest. Monthly fee estimate is currently at $100. Currently we have enough members to support paying for this. Proposal to be posted to the mailing list.

==== Cleaning schedule ====
:* Action Item: Ben worked on automated script working, should be in place for next week
:* Action Item: Rob to update clean up instructions to include garbage info

==== Youth (16 or younger) Membership ====
:* James - concern about liability on our behalf
:* Mark - parents should sign a waiver for their children
:* Darcy - we need to discuss with a lawyer
:* Would be good to have waivers signed regardless
:* What's the liability implication of minors in the space - for advice from lawyer
:* minors can't sign contracts. Parents can.
:* Action Item: Gus to talk with lawyer and we'll follow up next meeting - Darcy need to follow up
:* discussion items:
::* 24 keyed access for kids? Can they bring their friends as guests (without adult supervision)?
::* legal liability, if a 16 yr old cuts off their finger, vs an 18 yr old? If a kid's guest cuts off their finger?
::* can a 16 yr old sign the audit waver form?
:* No new info on this topic. Still waiting for lawyer's info from Gus.

==== Buildout / Prep ====
:* Budget for exterior painting
:* Electrical? Ed requires assistance to do this up and then schedule up time
::* Action Item: Ben - sign creations - done, needs to be put up, issues with lighting being worked on
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - on hold for 2nd floor
::* Action Item: 2nd floor - Rob  - kitchenette floor
::* Action Item: Power panel needs remapping and reorganization and plumbing drain tube needs to be moved
::* Action Item: James - needs to install the door strike. Back door first
::* Action Item: Welding area - Need to remove slot wall (safety), steel shelving to replace slot/peg board. Fireplace backing sheets recommended.Can hang the welding curtains in the meantime.
::* Action Item: Rob or Ben - garbage run needs to happen again (ceiling tiles, etc)
::* Action Item: Karl - carpeting to stairwell and bathroom
::* Action Item: Plumbing vent - Taylor investigating with Bob
::* Action Item: Paint outside of building - will need budgetary review
::* Action Item: Get and run sawdust duct work, interim piping can be made up until fully planned piping done

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Status of purchases.
:* Mark - Ontario Arts council - found other funds to investigate as well - period doesn't start until 2014
:* Action Item: James - we've had the tool meeting, now to prioritize and purchase the tools. Some tools are being purchased already, others being investigated. James to follow up on purchases.
:* Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release - paused for now
:* Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time - paused for now
:* Action Item: Ben to follow up on the chairs order - chairs are on their way
:* Action Item: James to follow up on router and other items

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various levels of complexity
:* Some posters have been posted
:* Extinguishers have been put up around the shop with signage
:* Action Item: James to get more safety glasses

=== Action item review ===


=== Adjournment ===

Forwarded by: Darcy at 22:14
Second: James
In favour: Unanimous

=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Rob
* Darcy
* Karl
* James
* Doug
* Jaymis (future President)

==== Regrets ====
* Mark

==== Unknown ====
*
