{{Meeting
|Date=2013/06/05
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave. Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy Casselman at 19:44

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Report from the President ===
:* We are awesome!

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Not present

=== New Business ===

==== Membership Changes Logging ====
:* New Members:
::* Chris Gibson
::* Mark Kochut
::* Both voted in on mailing list. Getting administrative stuff going - Ben and Rob

:* Members Leaving:
::* Matt McPherrin - paid until September

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Ben to follow up with this

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Don't have anything this meeting

==== Roland Milling Machine ====
:* Pros and cons for getting the Roland
:* Motion to purchase the roland mill in lieu of the Taig with Trillium grant money - James Bastow
:* Seconded: Rob
:* All in favour: Unanimous

==== Kwartzlab Booth for Maker Faire ====
:* Ben has posted invite for participants
:* Action Item: Mark to fix/build backdrop panel for the show
:* Action Item: Bring 3D printer / mill, etc. 
:* Action Item: Request 3-4 tables
:* Action Item: Mark to cut coaster kits, cut projects out to sell at the faire
:* Action Item: Ben to print off and make buttons
:* Motion to approve after party - James
:* Seconded: Rob
::* All in favour: Unanimous

==== BOD Nominations ====
:* Deadline for nominations is tomorrow. Do we have enough people on the ballot? Or will Verdi from DIYode be elected by acclamation?
:* Appears to be enough candidates - 9

==== AGM proxy votes and remote participation ====
Drafting a motion for the general meeting
:* Limiting number of proxies a person can hold
::* Proposal to limit the proxies to 3 per person, and the proxy holder has to be a member
:* Adhering to OCNA 2010
::* This has been lobbied and prevented from being instated due to voting rights
::* It has been delayed until 2014. Voting rights to be reviewed. Even once proclaimed, we still have 3 years of grace.
:* Other mechanisms for remote voting
::* Skyping in - we will try that, or Google hang out
::* Remote voting not possible in this short timeframe

=== Old Business ===

==== AGM ====
:* 2013 AGM announced and call for nominations posted
:* Darcy proposed June 20th (Thursday) 7:30pm
:* For AGM, as we'll probably have 44 members for then. Quorum requires 1/4 of membership or 10 people, which is 11 members to be present.

==== Biking event Restrospective ====
:* the event was a bust. Poor weather.

==== Internet Speed Issues ====
:* We know it's not stable. Ben has emailed Cedric about the connection. Mark has as well a few weeks ago.
:* Considering looking at other options related to upcoming events
:* Ben to provide a report on this, possibly new cable solutions

==== Cleaning schedule ====
:* Action Item: Ben worked on automated script working, should be in place for next week
:* Action Item: Rob to update clean up instructions to include garbage info
:* Darcy has noticed some smells lately. Rob to get on the checklist.

==== Youth (16 or younger) Membership ====
:* James - concern about liability on our behalf
:* Mark - parents should sign a waiver for their children
:* Darcy - we need to discuss with a lawyer
:* Would be good to have waivers signed regardless
:* What's the liability implication of minors in the space - for advice from lawyer
:* minors can't sign contracts. Parents can.
:* Action Item: Gus to talk with lawyer and we'll follow up next meeting - Darcy need to follow up
:* discussion items:
::* 24 keyed access for kids? Can they bring their friends as guests (without adult supervision)?
::* legal liability, if a 16 yr old cuts off their finger, vs an 18 yr old? If a kid's guest cuts off their finger?
::* can a 16 yr old sign the audit waver form?
:* No new info on this topic. Still waiting for lawyer's info from Gus.

==== Buildout / Prep ====
:* Not much is happening with this right now. Need to review funding to see when we can start building up fundage again.
::* Action Item: Ben - sign creations - done, needs to be put up, issues with lighting being worked on
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - on hold for 2nd floor
::* Action Item: 2nd floor - Rob  - kitchenette floor
::* Action Item: Power panel needs remapping and reorganization and plumbing drain tube needs to be moved
::* Action Item: James - needs to install the door strike. Back door first
::* Action Item: Welding area - Need to remove slot wall (safety), steel shelving to replace slot/peg board. Fireplace backing sheets recommended.Can hang the welding curtains in the meantime.
::* Action Item: Rob or Ben - garbage run needs to happen again (ceiling tiles, etc)
::* Action Item: Karl - carpeting to stairwell and bathroom
::* Action Item: Plumbing vent - Taylor investigating with Bob
::* Action Item: Paint outside of building - will need budgetary review
::* Action Item: Get and run sawdust duct work, interim piping can be made up until fully planned piping done

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Mark - Ontario Arts council - found other funds to investigate as well - period doesn't start until 2014
:* Action Item: James - we've had the tool meeting, now to prioritize and purchase the tools. Some tools are being purchased already, others being investigated. James to follow up on purchases.
:* Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release - paused for now
:* Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time - paused for now
:* Action Item: Ben to follow up on the chairs order

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various levels of complexity
:* Some posters have been posted
:* Action Item: Fire extinguishers need to be recharged, mounted and signed in new space. They currently are around the space, just need to formalize locations

=== Action item review ===


=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 20:43
Forwarded by: Darcy
Second: Rob
In favour: Unanimous

=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Rob
* Darcy
* Karl
* James
* Doug
* Mark

==== Regrets ====
* 

==== Unknown ====
*
