# Board Meeting 124

Date: 2014-06-11

Time: 19:30

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

## Attending
* Jonathan
* Ben
* Jaymis
* Doug
* Bob
* Darcy

## Absent
* James

## Call to Order
* Called to order by Darcy at 19:58

## Approval of Agenda
* approved unanimously

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approving minutes for 121
  * amended by unanimous approval
  * approved unanimously
* Approving minutes for 122
  * approved unanimously
* Approving minutes for 123
  * approved unanimously

## Report from President
* We're awesome

## Report from Treasurer
* roughly $12,500 in bank
* a bunch of cash to deposit
* some members behind on dues (Ben working with them)
* Ben getting quotes for audits
* taxes are nearly ready to be filed
* new membership register is ready
  * still haven't gotten updated info from some members

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Action item: set up PGP key signing (Jonathan) (removed)
* Action item: Put bylaw changes on agenda for AGM (Darcy) (removed)
* Action item: have a meeting with any members who want to have input on the new membership procedure (Doug) (removed)
* Action item: make bylaws readable (Jonathan)
* Action item: prepare the Trillium report (Jaymis) (done)
* Action item: Explore various VoIP options (Darcy) (removed)
* Action item: Add audit type to AGM minutes (Ben) (removed)
* Action item: Ask on mailing list for volunteer to bring cleaner through for quote (Jonathan) (done)

### Reimbursements

## New Business

### AGM
* Vote at AGM on whether or not to have an audit for the year
* Give board authoritiy to suspend members for 14 days
* Nominations stay open for two weeks
  * Late nominations will be allowed
* Motion to have the AGM on June 26 by Darcy
  * approved unanimously
  * Agenda needs to be out by Monday
* Motion to allow Jaymis to propose amendment to bylaws at AGM to enable board to suspend members by Darcy
  * approved unanimously

## Old Business

### Cleaning Quotes
* Quote was too rich for our blood
* We should get more quotes to determine competitiveness of the quote
* Cleaning schedule needs to be back up

### Report for Trillium
* Jaymis submitted the report
* We weren't supposed to change the budget by more than 10% per line item, but we don't seem to be hearing back anything negative
* There were significant unexpected expenses with the CNC router (installation, duties, shipping, etc.)
* Deadline for next grant is fast approaching

### Getting a phone number
* Action item: Get a VoIP phone number for the lab (Ben)

### MakerFaire Waterloo
* need to have dedicated meetings for this

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Action item: make bylaws readable (Jonathan)
* Action item: Get a VoIP phone number for the lab (Ben)

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn by Darcy, seconded by Ben, approved unanimously
** Adjourned at 20:40
