# Board Meeting 153

Date: 20160312
Time: 2030
Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
Meeting Type: Board Meeting
Minutes by: Cedric

## Attending
* Present: Cedric, Steph, Jaymis, James, Davenport, Ravi

## Absent
* Absent: Christine (ill) 

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: Davenport
 * seconded: James
 * at: 2040

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: Cedric
 * seconded: Steph
 * approved; unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 152
 * motion to approve
     * by: Steph
     * seconded: James
     * approved: unanimous except Davenport

## Report from President
	* 150: Everything is awesome, lab running alright, member engagement ignited by coat rack topic.
	* 151: <crickets>  (James couldn't make it).
	* 152: <thumbsup>
	* 153: <interpretive dance>

## Report from Treasurer
	* 150: Year end will be done shortly, situation nominal; we remain in the black.
	* 151: Situation nominal.  See report for details.
	* 152: March was bang on estimated budget (almost to the penny), which is a sort of exceptional form of perfectly ordinary.
	* 153: "Hold on, let me finish this row."  Now that Maker Expo is incorporated, we are transferring the Maker Expo funds to the new corp.

* Apr, 2016 Financial Report
 * motion to accept
     * by: Davenport
     * seconded: James
        * approved: unanimous

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update
        * 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
	* [...]
	* 152: Laser is running fine, but cycles have not been put into the upgrades lately (between work and sick).
	* 153: No new cycles, laser remains online.  Only issues have been from mis-use.
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
        * 143: Steph will draft a thing
	* [...]
	* 152: ongoing, more words have been put in Git.
	* 153: Yes, ongoing.  Not in git becuase of git 2FA issues.
* Ravi - will write guidelines for how we sell lab property
        * 147: Done. To be put on Wiki. 
	* [...]
	* 152: Ravi's Not Here, man.
	* 153: Total done, man.  Remove from future.
* Christine will be updating the wiki and approaching additional people before next meeting.
	* 152: Sean Stoughton is now OK with "safety helper" (check first aid kits, smoke detectors, fire extinguishers, quick checklist re: guards on machines); Christine has sent proposed scope to Sean, and is waiting for reply.
	* 153: Christine's not here, man.
* Jaymis to get Davenport a copy of the GA quote.
	* 152: Jaymis did that. Davenport's not here, man.
	* 153: Davenport and James to meet at the lab.
* Steph to send out announce/financial review emails.
	* 153: Done, no responses.
* Cedric - notify list that EK, BR, AM, and SS are no longer members.  58 current members.
	* 153: list has been notified.

## New Business
* None

### Membership Changes 
	* Lauren Archer: 
		* 151: has paid dues, is all setup.  Does she have a key? (If so, remove from future).
		* 153:
	* Melissa Pynkoski:
		* 153: Applied 2016-05-03; Member as of 2016-05-11, needs full set up.  Has been emailed.
* Member withdrawals:
	* Erin Kelly; done as of 10-Mar-2016
		* 153: has been announced; membershipreg needs update.
	* Bernie Rode withdrawing; done as of 1-Apr-2016
		* 153: membershipreg needs update.
  	* Andrew Mackie withdrawing; done as of 1-Apr-2016
		* 153: membershipreg needs update.
	* Sean Sinclair
		* 153: will confirm membershipreg has been updated.

#### Overdue Accounts (In Camera)
	* No overdue accounts for discussion.

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
Reimbursements since the last meeting:

## Recurring Business

## Old Business
* Christine - Volunteer Management
	* 149: During heavy lab discussion, questions about fresh ways to engage people in helping around the lab came up.  Plan was to talk further at meeting 150.
	* 150: Christine is now free of the TWC, and is now engaging on the volunteer
	* 151: An individual was approached to be a sort of safety equipment warden, and is interested given liability/indemnity -- the question is if we have someone periodically checking  the first aid kits, do they take on liability.  Nobody has indemnity, and DOLI does not provide coverage that the member is looking for, therefore liability/indemnity coverage is not possible.  Christine will be updating the wiki and approaching additional people before next meeting.
	* 152: Has been talking with Sean Stoughten; see above for details.
	* 153: Christine's not here, man.

* Front Doors:
	* 147: Jaymis awaiting quote from G&A before taking further action. Ravi to enquire to see if we can get a second quote. Once quotes are received Jaymis will contact Christian to see about sharing costs. 
	* [...]
	* 152: Davenport's not here, man.
	* 153: Davenport and James will meet with a vendor to get a quote.
* Maker Expo 2016 firing up.
	* Per meeting 149, KwartzLab is the support org for MakerExpo, first meeting was to be 2016-01-21, event will be 2016-09-10
	* This entry for tracking status.
	* [...]
	* 152: Neil - moving right along; funding is promised but not yet received, trending towards $20k over last year.  Looking for signature events -- artists/etc that can make an immersive event/draw.  
	* 153: No need for formal updates, now that it's spun off.
* Heavy Lab update from Neil.
	* Per meeting 149, Neil is moving forward with phases 5 & 6, new welding curtains, storage changes, etc.
	* This entry for tracking status.
	* 150: Various things in progress, wall around the sink down in prep for new welding curtains (helper lined up).  Shelves on window wall started.  Could use help, lots of projects.
	* 151: To discuss: additional costs/effort due to metal lathe aquision.  Lathe will require a plug, and require e-stop+ contactor to switch the load to the motor.  This is a candidate for a RFID access control.  Looking at using a pump truck to make it possible to move the lathe.
	* 152: Neil - Ticking along, some budget discussion, now sorted; overall on target +/- $100 on entire project.  Lathe is mechanically moving along thanks to Bob; electrical parts on order.  
	* 153: Lathe is coming together, probably online early June; misc clean up.  We got $50 for welding cart on Kijiji, gave to Steph as cash, to be applied to Phase 5; scroll saw donated to Thrift on Kent.  ("Why did the scroll saw cross the road?  To cut to the other side!")
* 2016 AGM Organization
	* 152: Thursday 16-Jun-2016 for meeting; this means Announcement by 6-Jun, Nominations need to open by 22-May and close on 5-Jun.  Draft SAVE-THE-DATE EMAIL, put it on the KwartzLab Calendar (AGM and Potlatch); 7pm.  Agenda needs to include approval of financials.
	* 153: Cedric sent a SAVE-THE-DATE EMAIL in April, and just resent it tonight.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: James
 * seconded by: Davenport
 * passes: unanimous 
* Adjourned at: 2111
