{{Meeting
|Date=2013/08/07
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Attending ===
:* Jonathan
:* James
:* Mark
:* Ben
:* Jaymis
:* Darcy

=== Call to Order ===
:* Called to order at 19:43

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Approved

=== Report from the President ===
:* My spoon is too big... and we're awesome.

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* No hydro bill yet (should be around $150.
:* Gas & water is cheap.
:* ~$8000 left in Trilium fund.
:* We're in the black.

=== Recurring Business ===

==== Membership Changes Logging ====
:* The following new members have been added to the admin and members mailing lists:
:** Gillian Gutenberg
:** Brett Shellhammer

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Action Item: Ben to follow up with this
:* If dues are done in cash, they're to be done in exact change.
:* Action Item: Darcy to start mailing list tread about cash and non-electrionic payments.
:* Action Item: Mark to look into CRMs.

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Reimbursement for James (pre-approved on mailing list).

=== New Business ===

==== Budget ====
:* Our budget and where money goes & should go.
:** Budget for The Shed
:*** With the new members, we can probably approve up to $500 for the shed.
:** Combine slush & supply funds into consumable fund (~$200-ish).
:** Rename general operating fund to better reflect its purpose.
:** Status and purpose of the emergency fund
:* Set money aside for audit?
:* Action Item: Ben to create a treasurer manual.
:* Action Item: Ben to update the budget.

==== Tree Removal ====
:* Christian is ok with it.
:* The fence is not ours.

==== Urban Fungus (Donation Bin) ====
:* Motion by Jaymis: decline request to have a donation bin on our property.
:** Seconded: James
:** Approved unanimously.

==== Insurance ====
:* Increase to liability?
:** Probably not.
:* Improvements to the space.
:* Who takes responsibility for art work in the lab?
:* Action Item: Ben to talk to Christian to find out what his insurance covers.
:* Action Item: James to update asset list on wiki with tool values.
:* Motoin by Darcy to increase the contents insurance to $100,000 and follow up with Christian
:** Seconded by: Jaymis
:** Approved unanimously.
:* Action Item: Ben to draw up waivers for members and non-members with property in the space.

==== Mailing Lists ====
:* Never use BoD unless it's confidential.
:* Use admin for spam-collecting inbound traffic.
:* Use members list for all else.
:* Use discuss for upcoming events.

==== Good Governance ====
:* We are a public benefit organization.
:* The board is responsible for keeping its promises.
:* The board can still delegate to non-board members.
:* If a member fails to complete a task, the board is responsible for seeing it through.

==== Party ====
:* There will be a party.

=== Old Business ===

==== Board hand-over ====
:* Action Item: Jaymis and Jonathan need to fill out paperwork for the change of directors.

==== New member application process ====
:* Action Item: Online form for member application - Ben
:* Action Item: Member welcoming information/page - Doug

==== Hacky Hallowe'en 2013 ====
:* We should get moving on this.
:* Funding?
:* Action Item: Jaymis to figure out whether we or THEMUSEUM will head up the K-W Community Foundation grant.

==== Cleaning schedule ====
:* Action Item: Darcy to start mailing list discussoin about what needs to be done for cleaning.

==== Buildout / Prep ====
:* Action Item: Ben to update wiki for buildout.

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release - paused for now
:* Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time - paused for now
:* Action Item: Ben to follow up on the chairs order - chairs are on their way
:* Action Item: James to follow up on router and other items

=== Action item review ===
:* Reviewed.

=== Adjournment ===
:* Adjourned at 21:17.
