# Board Meeting 133

Date: 2014-12-01

Time: 20:30

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

## Attending
* Jonathan
* Cedric
* Steph
* Ravi
* Jaymis
* James

## Absent

## Call to Order
* Called to order
    * by: Cedric
    * at: 20.42

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
    * by: Jaymis
    * seconded: Jonathan
    * approved unanimously

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 132
    * motion to approve
        * by: Steph
        * seconded: Jaymis
        * approved unanimously

## Report from President
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCKONHUigVk

## Report from Treasurer
* HST stuff has been filed
    * We owe $38.17
* Formal report included
* We are still unsure of the status of the internal review

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)
* Action item: send out e-mail to open nominations (James) (done)
* Action item: send out e-mail to close nominations and finalize agenda on the 24th. (James)
    * Nominations have been extended to midnight tomorrow
* Action item: ask for election coordinaor volunteers (James) (done)
    * There were no volunteers.

### Membership Applications
* Erin Kelly
    * pre-approved on mailing list

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
* Reimbursement to James Bastow for Paper Towels ($54.19)
    * pre-approved
* Reimbursement to Ravi Baboolal for Snow Blower Repairs ($100)
    * pre-approved

## New Business

## Old Business

### Member Meeting & Director By-Election
* We have one candidate (John Wynen)
* BoD list needs to be used only for confidential matters.

### Financial Internal Review
* We're still missing the report
    * Needs a cover page with signatures

### Trillium Grant
* No new news

### Lease Renewal
* The lease has been ammended to remove the chemicals clause
* Motion to sign the lease
    * by: Steph
    * seconded: Jonathan
    * approved unanimously

### Heavy Lab Reorganization
* We will need to spend some money on electrical soon.
    * We will have money available when the audit fund is released.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)
* Action item: send out e-mail to close nominations and finalize agenda (James)
* Action item: create physical filing cabinet (Jaymis)

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
    * by: James
    * seconded by: Steph
    * approved unanimously
* Adjourned at: 21:37
