KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Meeting Minutes
----------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Thursday, May 13, 2010
* Time: 7:30pm
* Location: KwartzLab Society Inc.
* Meeting #32

BOARD MEMBERS

* Present:  Eric Gerlach, Alexandra Dysinski, Ben Brown, Robert Gissing
* Absent: Cedric Puddy, Darin White, Stephanie Smith
* Quorum: Yes (4/7)

OTHERS

* KwartzLab Members: James Bastow, Bevan Lantz, Darcy Casselman, Doug Moen, 
  Pawel, Kyle Spaans, Chris Brunner, Matt Smith

Distribution: To all KwartzLab Society Board Members

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary@kwartzlab.ca> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions.

Proceedings:
==============

1. Call to Order
----------------

The President, Eric Gerlach, acted as Chair for the meeting. Director Robert Gissing recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

2. Approval of the Agenda
-------------------------
The agenda was approved by the general consent of the Board.

3. Report from the Treasurer
----------------------------

The check for new space is not delivered yet; Ben will do that very soon.Motion Passed: The Board approves reimbursing Chris Bruner $13.82 for tools purchased on behalf of the Tool Committee, and reimbursing Ben Brown $84.74 for a new door lock.
  
  Motion Moved: Eric Gerlach
  Motion Seconded: Alexandra Dysinski
  In Favour: 3
  Opposed: 0
  Abstained: 1

4. Old Business
---------------

4.1. Website
No update

4.2. Health & Safety Committee
We still don’t have a working phone in the space.

4.3. Space Expansion
We have the signed lease.We’ve received an offer to get a power washer to clean the windows and floors. Tool room planning is in process, and the floor plan is online.

4.4. Workshops
No update.

4.5. Ubuntu Release PartyThe party is awesome. We expect to hold another one for the next release.

4.6. Art Wall
Robert Gissing still needs to draft an ownership statement.

5. New Business
---------------

5.1. Non-Members in the Space
The non-member survey has not yet been posted, so there is no feedback to review yet.

5.2. Python Night
Darcy Casselman would like to hold a regular Python Night, for members interested in programming. He plans on bringing in some experts to give lightning talks on related topics.

5.3. Board Elections
The Board needs to draft bylaws outlining the rules for Board elections. Eric Gerlach will do the necessary research regarding what needs to be included.

Motion Passed: Organize a Board of Directors election, to be announced by June 17, 2010
  Motion Moved: Ben Brown
  Motion Seconded: Alexandra Dysinski
  In Favour: 4
  Opposed: 0
  Abstained: 0
  Motion Carries by three arms and a leg.

6. Next Board Meeting
---------------------
The next board meeting will be held on May 26, 2010. Alexandra Dysinski commented with a hearty belch.

7. A Comment from Rob Adler
---------------------------
Rob Adler would like to hold a music-related demo night. This would be scheduled for a Tuesday Open Night.

8. Adjournment
--------------
  Motion Moved: Eric Gerlach
  Motion Seconded: Ben Brown
  In Favour: 4
  Opposed: 0
  Abstained: 0
  Motion Carries by three arms and a leg.