{{Meeting
|Date=2013/07/17
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Attending ===
* Jonathan
* Darcy
* Doug
* Jaymis
* James
* Mark
* Ben

=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy at 19:53.

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Modified and approved unanimously.

=== Report from the President ===
:* My anus is bleeding.

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* ~$17,200 in bank account.
:* $9100 left from Trillium grant
:* Large deposit of membership dues will be deposited.
:* We've been signed up for Swipe
:* Gas & water was $42
:* Hydro was $210
:* We now have 50 members!

=== Recurring Business ===

==== Membership Changes Logging ====
:* The following new members have been added to the admin and members mailing lists:
:** Clive Bilewitz
:** Stephanie Trotter
:** Ryan Wicks
:** Sean Zimmerman
:* Action Item: draft a welcome e-mail for new members.

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Action Item: Ben to follow up with this

==== Reimbursements ====
:* None

=== New Business ===

==== Non-Violence Festival Report ====
:* Turned out to be good publicity for kwartzlab
:* There were lots of people who came by who were just in Victoria Park (not necessarily there for the festival)
:* We made $6 in donations

==== Waterloo Mini Maker Faire 2014 ====
:* We have City Hall and Victoria Park tentatively booked for Saturday, 14 June.

=== Old Business ===

==== Board hand-over ====
:* The following people will go to the bank to set up signing authority on Monday, 22 July:
:** Ben
:** Jaymis
:** Darcy
:** Mark
:** James
:* Action Item: Jaymis and Jonathan need to fill out paperwork for the change of directors.

==== New member application process ====
:* How to make it clearer, friendlier, less intimidating for applicants?
:* It was suggested to get photos of new applicants to make it easier for the board to identify them.
:* Updating the application form. Ben feels it needs updating to be more current.
:* Integrating applicants into community
:* Action Item: Online form for member application - Ben
:* Action Item: Member welcoming information/page - Doug

==== Hacky Hallowe'en 2013 ====
:* THEMUSEUM is willing to assist us with getting corporate sponsorship.
:** We should start working on this now.
:** They want a commitment by the beginning of August.
:* Discussion about co-branding
:* Can we get pumpkins donated?
:** Doug suggested approaching Naumans.
:* Motion: commit to running Hacky Hallowe'en at THEMUSEUM
:** Made by: Darcy
:** Seconded: James
:** No discussion
:** Approved unanimously
:* We want admission to be free.
:* Discussion about possible partnership with THEMUSEUM

==== G33k Art Show ====
:* Nov22-24 this year
:* Action Item: Ben talk to Miroki about in-kind table swap
:** Deferred to end of month due to Miroki's availability

==== Social Media Accounts ====
:* social@kwartzlab.ca was created for registering social media accounts (forwards to BoD list)

==== Internet Speed Issues ====
:* We should have a new Internet connection by some time next month.

==== Cleaning schedule ====
:* Action Item: Ben worked on automated script working
:* Action Item: Rob to update clean up instructions to include garbage info

==== Buildout / Prep ====
:* Budget for exterior painting
:** Needs to be addressed within the next month or two.
:** Humidity is bad.  Maybe do this in September?
:* Electrical
:** Ed requires assistance to do this up and then schedule up time
:** Mike's been taking care of a bunch of this
:* Action Item: Ben - sign creations - done, needs to be put up, issues with lighting being worked on
:* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - on hold for 2nd floor
:** Drywall finished, still needs painting
:* Action Item: 2nd floor - Rob  - kitchenette floor
:* Action Item: Power panel needs remapping and reorganization and plumbing drain tube needs to be moved
:* Action Item: James - needs to install the door strike. Back door first
:* Action Item: Welding area - Need to remove slot wall (safety), steel shelving to replace slot/peg board. Fireplace backing sheets recommended.Can hang the welding curtains in the meantime.
:* Action Item: Rob or Ben - garbage run needs to happen again (ceiling tiles, etc)
:* Action Item: Karl - carpeting to stairwell and bathroom
:* Action Item: Plumbing vent - Taylor investigating with Bob
:* Action Item: Paint outside of building - will need budgetary review

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* We still have lots of money that needs to be spent.
:* Status of purchases
:* Mark - Ontario Arts council - found other funds to investigate as well - period doesn't start until 2014
:* Action Item: James - we've had the tool meeting, now to prioritize and purchase the tools. Some tools are being purchased already, others being investigated. James to follow up on purchases.
:* Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release - paused for now
:* Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time - paused for now
:* Action Item: Ben to follow up on the chairs order - chairs are on their way
:* Action Item: James to follow up on router and other items
:* Action Item: Book a meeting specifically for Trillium grant discussion.

=== Action item review ===
:* Reviewed

=== Adjournment ===
:* Adjourned at 21:01
