# Board Meeting 126

Date: 2014-07-07

Time: 20:30

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

## Attending
* Jonathan
* James
* Ravi
* Steph
* Cedric
* Doug
* Jaymis

## Absent

## Call to Order
* Called to order by Cedric at 20:49

## Approval of Agenda

* Motion to approve agenda by Cedric
    * Seconded by: Steph
    * Approved unanimously

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 124
    * Approved unanimously
* Approval of minutes from AGM 5
    * Deferred pending treasurer report
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 125
    * Approved unanimously

## Report from President
* We need to look into repairing the front window.

## Report from Treasurer
* Signing authority is being updated on Wednesday.
* Steph is still waiting for information from Ben.
    * Transactions are being updated.

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Action item: make bylaws readable (Jonathan)
* Action item: Get a VoIP phone number for the lab (Cedric)

### Reimbursements
* We have expenses, but are deferring them pending receiving books.

## New Business

### Review of Board Procedures
* Mailing lists
    * BoD list is for anything confidential
    * Admin list for public incoming messages
    * Members list is for everything
* Motion to remove hiatus section from board procedures because it is covered in the by-laws
    * Moved by: Steph
    * Seconded by: James
    * Approved unanimously
* Action item: link web site to board procedures and bylaws on github (Steph)
* Motion to change membership votes from admin to members mailing list
    * Motion by: James
    * Seconded by: Cedric
    * Approved unanimously

### Hiatus of Ralph Janke
* Action item: remind members about hiatus procedures (Steph)
* Motion to approve Ralph's hiatus
    * Motion by: Cedric
    * Seconded by: James
    * Approved unanimously

### PGP Key Exchange for Directors
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)

### Job Descriptions for Directors
* Action item: create a repo for job descriptions (Steph)

### Broken Window
* Should be landlord's responsibility
* Action item: get quotes for broken window (Ben)
* Action item: follow up with Ben about window quote (James)

### Password Manager
* Files should be stored in BoD Dropbox
* Need more info from Ben

### Membership Dues by Electronic Payment
* 15 people pay by cash.
* We need an accurate picture of who is behind in dues.
* Action item: create monthly dues statements (Steph)
* Electronic payments should be mandatory unless exceptions are made with the treasurer
* Charge administration fee on cash payments?

### Heavy Lab Reorganization
* Budget concerns
* Scope of project is too large to get an accurate budget
* There are some safety concerns with the project
* We should be working on an incremental plan

## Old Business

### AGM
* It happened.

### Cleaning Quotes
* Should be handled by the cleaning schedule.

### Getting a phone number
* previously discussed

### MakerFaire Waterloo
* Action item: send out a call for help with MakerFaire (Jaymis)

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Action item: make bylaws readable (Jonathan)
* Action item: Get a VoIP phone number for the lab (Cedric)
* Action item: link web site to board procedures and bylaws on github (Steph)
* Action item: remind members about hiatus procedures (Steph)
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)
* Action item: create a repo for job descriptions (Steph)
* Action item: get quotes for broken window (Ben)
* Action item: follow up with Ben about window quote (James)
* Action item: create monthly dues statements (Steph)
* Action item: send out a call for help with MakerFaire (Jaymis)

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn by James, seconded by Steph, approved unanimously
* Adjourned at 22:31
