KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Meeting Minutes
----------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Thursday, March 11, 2010
* Time: 7:30pm
* Location: KwartzLab Society Inc.
* Meeting #26

BOARD MEMBERS

* Present:  Eric Gerlach, Alexandra Dysinski, Stephanie Smith, Cedric 
  Puddy, Darin White
* Arrived Late: Robert Gissing, Ben Brown
* Absent: 
* Quorum: Yes (5/7)


OTHERS

* KwartzLab Members: Paul Walker, Darcy Casselman

Distribution: To all KwartzLab Society Board Members

---------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary@kwartzlab.ca> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions.

Proceedings:
==============

1. Call to Order
----------------
The President, Eric Gerlach, acted as Chair for this meeting, and called the meeting to order at 1943. The Secretary, Stephanie Smith, recorded the minutes.

2. Approval of the Agenda
-------------------------
The agenda was presented by the President, and accepted by the general consent of the Board.

3. Report from the Treasurer
----------------------------
The Treasurer presented the Board with the attached Financial Report. It was accepted by the general consent of the Board.

4. Old Business
---------------

  4.1. Website and Mailing Lists
  ------------------------------
  
    4.1.1. Update for action 13.2 on Ben Brown: convert website 
    design to drupal template
    
    Still pending: Ben Brown requested permission to reorganize 
    content on the website; the Board approved by general consent.
    
    4.1.2. Update for action 26.2 on Steph Smith: create 
    discuss@kwartzlab.ca mailing list and change archives of members 
    to private 
    
    Stephanie Smith reported to the Board that the public 
    discuss@kwartzlab.ca mailing list has been created, and that the 
    members' mailing list archives are now private.
    
  4.2. Lease contract for borrowing member equipment
  --------------------------------------------------
  
    4.2.1. Update for action 26.3 on Steph Smith: setup 
    equipment@kwartzlab.ca email forward
    
    Stephanie Smith reported to the Board that this is completed.
    
    4.2.2. Update for action 26.4 on Steph Smith: print copies of 
    lease and place in Board locker 
    
    Still pending.
    
  4.3. Health & Safety Committee
  ------------------------------

    4.3.1. Update for action 26.5 on Eric & Gus: bring in phone and 
    SIM card and try to activate 
    
    Still pending.
    
    ACTION 27.1 on Robert Gissing to install a Health & Safety 
    bulletin board in the Lab.
  
  4.4. Workroom Floor
  -------------------
  
  Refinishing the workroom floor is stalled, pending improved 
  finances.
  
  4.5. Space Expansion
  --------------------
  
    4.5.1. Update for action 26.6 on Ben Brown & Robert Gissing: meet 
    with Kapley re: spaces 
  
    Ben Brown report to the Board is not yet received a reply from 
    Kapley.
  
  4.6. Tool Committee
  -------------------

    4.6.1. Update on action 26.1 on Eric Gerlach: Write up tool 
    committee procedure 
    
    Eric Gerlach presented the Board with his draft of the tool 
    committee procedure.

    There was a discussion regarding suggested revisions. 
    Specifically, should the Tool Committee also oversee tool 
    donations and loans? I.e. should all tool acquisitions be 
    filtered through the Tool Committee.

    The accountability of the Tool Committee should also be made more 
    explicit. Purchase receipts, warrantees and any other paperwork 
    related to the tool acquisition needs to be included in the 
    report to the Board. Additionally the Tool Committee should 
    report new acquisitions to the Health and Safety Committee as 
    well as to the Board.
    
    ACTION 27.2 on Eric Gerlach to revise Tool Committee Procedure, 
    per feedback from the Board.
    
  4.7. Frequency and dates of Board Meetings
  ------------------------------------------
  
    4.7.1. Update on action 26.7 on Eric Gerlach: Post notice re: 
    Board meeting on the 11th 
    
    Erig Gerlach reported to the Board that this item was completed.
      
  4.8. Report on Arduino workshop
  -------------------------------

  Ben Brown presented the board with report of the recent Arduino 
  workshop.

  The workshop had a good turnout and the event went well. There was 
  $40 in surplus revenue which has been donated to the lab.

  There was a detailed discussion regarding facilitators making money 
  off of events. Generally speaking, the board has no problem with 
  event organizers being financially compensated for their efforts. 
  However there were some concerns regarding the specific logistics, 
  and to what degree these arrangements should be formalized.

  Regardless of any rules or procedures which KwartzLab decides to 
  adopt, the Board agrees that the spirit of entrepreneurship should 
  be kept firmly in mind.

  From a financial perspective, insurance and taxation are the 
  Board's primary concerns. If KwartzLab is directly responsible for 
  workshop, related fees will be taxable. Likewise, if KwartzLab is 
  directly responsible for workshop, the event will be covered by our 
  insurance.
  
  ACTION 27.3 on Eric Gerlach to determine whether or not there is a 
  reasonable way to extend insurance to non-KwartzLab events in the 
  space.
      
  4.9. Membership Vetting Procedures 
  ----------------------------------
  
  There is a detailed discussion regarding the new vetting procedure 
  proposal. The current proposal is to hold an initial vote for a new 
  applicant, and if that vote is not unanimous, hold a second vote in 
  one week's time. The second vote would not need to be unanimous, in 
  order for the new applicant be accepted. However, it would force a 
  "pause" and further discussion should a Director not support the 
  applicant.

  There were concerns that this new procedure is too complicated, and 
  doesn't specifically address the issue which the Board was 
  originally trying to respond to -- specifically, how to ensure that 
  new applicants won't be blocked simply because enough Directors 
  don't know them.

  The membership has indicated that they don't want to be directly 
  involved in approving new applicants -- this responsibility should 
  stay with the Board. However, the Board still actively wants to 
  receive feedback from the membership regarding new applicants. In 
  this way, Directors can vote on an applicant based on feedback 
  they've received, in cases where they don't have direct knowledge 
  of the applicant.

  The Board is also concerned with how best to respond to objections 
  received by the membership. There are numerous reasons why somebody 
  may object to a new applicant, some legitimate, others not. There 
  are also potential privacy concerns related to requiring members to 
  divulge the nature of their objection. We need to balance due 
  diligence with sensitivity towards all involved, and ultimately use 
  wisdom when evaluating objections.
  
  MOTION: Be it resolved that when an applicant is being voted on for   
  membership to KwartzLab Society Inc., if any objections have been 
  raised to a Director about the applicant, this must be stated for 
  the record. The exact nature of the objection does not need to be 
  stated, however the number of members posing objections does.
  
    So moved by Robert Gissing.
    Seconded by Ben Brown.

    Discussion:

    In Favour: 7
    Opposed: 0
    Abstained: 0

    MOTION CARRIES
  
5. New Business
---------------

No new business was presented to the Board.


6. Action item review
---------------------

13.2 on Ben Brown: convert website design to drupal template

26.4 on Steph Smith: print copies of lease and place in Board locker

26.5 on Eric & Gus: bring in phone and SIM card and try to activate

26.6 on Ben Brown & Robert Gissing: meet with Kapley re: spaces

27.1 on Robert Gissing to install a Health & Safety bulletin board in the Lab.

27.2 on Eric Gerlach to revise Tool Committee Procedure, per feedback from the Board.

27.3 on Eric Gerlach to determine whether or not there is a reasonable way to extend insurance to non-KwartzLab events in the 
space.

7. Adjournment
--------------
Meeting adjourned at 2047.
So moved by Alexandra Dysinski.
Seconded by Ben Brown
In Favour: 0
Opposed: 0
Abstained: 0