KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Meeting Minutes
----------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Thursday, March 10, 2011
* Time: 2000 EST
* Location: KwartzLab Society Inc. Headquarters
* Meeting #59

BOARD MEMBERS

* Present:   Eric Gerlach, Ben Brown, Alex Williams, Stephanie Smith
* Absent:  Paul Walker, Robert Gissing, Cedric Puddy
* Quorum:   Yes (4/7)

OTHER ATTENDANCE

* Members: Don Leibold, Ralph Janke, Bevan Lantz, Rob Adler


Distribution: To all KWartzLab Society Board Members

----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary@kwartzlab.ca> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions. 


Proceedings:
==============

1.  Call to Order
-----------------

Board Chair, Eric Gerlach, acted as chair for the meeting, calling it to order at 2010 EST. The Secretary, Stephanie Smith, also recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.


2.  Approval of the agenda
--------------------------

The agenda was presented by the Meeting Chair, with the following amendment: The Ubuntu Release Party is on April 30, not April 20. The Board approved the agenda, with this amendment, by general consent. 


3. Report from the Treasurer
----------------------------

The Treasurer reported to the Board that: KwartzLab is still solvent; there is no comic today; he is still catching up on back deposits; our last rent cheque was deposited on time. This report was grudgingly accepted by the general consent of the Board. Comics are nice.

4. Old Business
---------------

  4.1. Mailing Lists & Website
  ----------------------------
  
  Ben Brown confirmed that the website migration is done!!!!!!11one. 
  And there was much rejoicing. 
  
  Apropos of nothing, the Board also agreed to ban the number 2.
  
  4.2. Heavy Equipment Lab
  ------------------------
  
  4.2.1. Electrical Work
  
  Ben Brown reported to the Board on behalf of Robert Gissing. Gus and 
  the electrician will be coming in this weekend to run cable. Cable 
  ended up being cheaper than expected, and so the total job should 
  come in around $1100.
  
  4.2.2. Security of Boiler Room Door
  
  The Board confirmed that the deadbolt has not yet been installed.
  
  4.2.3. Budget Revision
  
  1. Update for 45.2 on Ben Brown: post new budget to Board list for 
  review.
  
  Item pending.
  
5. New Business
---------------

  5.1. Public Event: Ubuntu Global Jam, April 12 2011
  ---------------------------------------------------
  
  Ralph Janke requested the opportunity to hold a public Ubuntu Global 
  Jam in the lab, on April 2.
  
  Motion: Make Ubuntu Global Jam a public event on April 2, 2011, for 
  whatever hours they want.
  
  So moved by Eric Gerlach.
  Seconded by Ben Brown.
  
  There was a brief discussion regarding whether we wanted to 
  pre-approve all global jams as public events. Ralph indicated that 
  there was no specific need to do so. He further indicated that the 
  local Jam organizers have found the timing of the Global jams 
  inconvenient (they are held a couple of weeks before the release 
  party), and so in the future they may prefer to hold a different 
  event, not timed with Global Jams. The Board agreed that approving a 
  recurring event every six months is not a hardship.
  
  In favour: 4
  Opposed: 0
  Abstained: 0
  
  Motion carries.

  5.2. Public Event: Ubuntu Release Party, April 30 2011
  ------------------------------------------------------
  
  Ralph Janke requested the opportunity to hold a public Ubuntu 
  Release Party in the lab, on April 30.
  
  Motion: Make Ubuntu Release Party a public event on April 30, 2011.
  
  So moved by Eric Gerlach.
  Seconded by Ben Brown.
  In favour: 4
  Opposed: 0
  Abstained: 0
  
  Motion carries.
  
  5. 3. Purchasing Request: Cleaning Supplies
  -------------------------------------------
  
  Rob Adler presented the Board with a purchasing request, to acquire 
  additional (non-comsumable) cleaning supplies. In particular, we 
  could use accessories for the Rigid vacuum cleaner, a new upright 
  vacuum, and other miscellaneous supplies.
  
  There was a brief discussion regarding whether or not our current 
  upright vacuum might be repaired.
  
  Motion: Be it resolved that the Board allocates $200 to Rob Adler 
  for cleaning supplies.
  
  So moved by Eric Gerlach.
  Seconded by Alex Williams.
  
  Discussion: If Rob needs more than $200 in order to repair or 
  replace the upright vacuum, he can request a higher limit from the 
  Board.
  
  In favour: 4
  Opposed: 0  
  Abstained: 0
  
  Motion carries.
  
  5.4. Maker Faire Toronto 
  ------------------------
  
  Ben Brown presented the Board with an update on Maker Faire Toronto, 
  which will be taking place on May 6-8. He is currently in 
  discussions with Seth Hardy regarding a vendor table for KwartzLab. 
  We should be able to get as much space as we want. Ben also 
  indicated that Andrew Mackie has volunteered to help at our table.
  
  5.5. Business Plan
  ------------------
  
  Alex Williams reported to the Board that he will be talking to 
  Andrew Maxwell (of the Hub) in a couple weeks. Andrew has a lot of 
  relevant domain knowledge, and could be a valuable resource for 
  pulling together a business Plan. Alex would like to hold off on the 
  Business Plan discussion until after that meeting.
  
  5.6. Health & Safety
  --------------------
  
  There was a brief discussion regarding whether or not any progress 
  has been made in discussing our proposed new policy with the lawyer. 
  To the best of everyone's knowledge, Gus has not yet spoken to the 
  lawyer. If Gus does not have time, can somebody else handle this?
  
  ACTION 59.1. on Ben to co-ordinate with Gus, regarding contacting 
  lawyer.
  
  5.7. Trillium Grant
  -------------------
  
  Ben Brown reported that the next Trillium Grant deadline is in July, 
  and he is hoping to have an application ready for then. Ben has 
  arranged to meet with local liaison in the next couple weeks to work 
  on application.
  
  There was a brief discussion regarding other grant/corporate 
  donation opportunities, specifically with RIM. Now that Darin White 
  is no longer a member of KwartzLab, somebody else will need to 
  pursue these opportunities. The Proud2Be grants, in particular, need 
  to be facilitated by a RIM employee. 
  
6. Action item review
---------------------

  45.2 on Ben Brown: post new budget to Board list for review. 

  59.1. on Ben to co-ordinate with Gus, regarding contacting lawyer.
  

7. Adjournment
---------------

The meeting was adjourned by the general consent of the Board at 2037 EST.

