KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Minutes of Meeting
------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Thursday, August 27, 2009
* Time: 1930 EDT
* Location: Boehmer Box, 283-106 Duke Street West, Kitchener

BOARD MEMBER

* Present: Ben Brown, Darin White, Cedric Puddy, Eric Gerlach, Stephanie Smith
* Late: Robert Gissing (arrived after agenda item #5.2 Build-out: Windows)
* Absent: Alexandra Dysinski
* Quorum: Yes (5/7)

OTHERS

* Make:KW Members: Andrew Mackie, Ed Blanchard

Distribution: To all KWartzLab Society Board Members

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the
Secretary <secretary@kwartzlab.ca> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions. 


Proceedings:
==============

1.  Call to Order
-----------------

Eric Gerlach called the meeting to order at  2017EDT, and Stephanie Smith recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.


2.  Approval of the agenda
--------------------------

The agenda was presented by Eric Gerlach. No objections being noted, the agenda was approved by general consent. 

3.  Approval of the 2009-08-11 Board Meeting Minutes
----------------------------------------------------

The minutes for the 2009-08-11 Board meeting were presented by Stephanie Smith, and were approved by general consensus of the Board.

4.  Approval of the 2009-08-14 Board Meeting Minutes
----------------------------------------------------

The minutes for the 2009-08-14 Board meeting were presented by Stephanie Smith, and were approved by general consensus of the Board.

5. Old Business
---------------

5.1. Insurance
	
PRESENTATION
Eric Gerlach presented to the Board an update on his communications with 
Dave from Erb & Erb. As DOLI is "claims made", there was no need to 
postpone the lease-signing until DOLI was in place. Switching insurance 
providers for DOLI is trivial, but there may be some gotchas related to 
switching providers for space insurance. In particular, we would need to
ensure that the new policy picked up immediately where the old policy left 
off.
	
There is a 3% financing fee if we want to pay for the insurance monthly, 
which would make the monthly payments $161.88. 
	
DECISIONS
	
1. Motion Passed: Pending Ben Brown's confirmation that we can set up
a direct debit payment for insurance, Ben Brown & Eric Gerlach may bind 
the corporation to the EnCon DOLI & Space Insurnace policy, as quoted.

 * Motion Moved by: Eric Gerlach 
 * Seconded by:  Darin White
 * In Favour:  5
 * Opposed: 0
 * Abstained:

5.2 Buildout
	
- Security
PRESENTATION
Darin White presented to the Board an update on the Lab's Physical 
Security. He has been unable to make contact with Michael Kowalski, but 
we need to move forward on this project ASAP. James Bastow is prepared 
to take over the project immediately. James has a plan in mind, and believes 
he can do it for under $500.00. However, James will be out of town until 	
September 8. For now, we will cut keys for members, and hand them out
at the August 31 Board Meeting/Key-Granting Party.
		
DISCUSSION
Ensuring that the door remains locked when nobody is in the space is
a high priority. Given the layout of the space, it is too easy for 
somebody to leave without realizing they were the last person in the 
space. We should institute a door-always-locked policy.
		
DECISIONS
1. Motion Passed: Be it resolved that Kwartzlab Society Members will 	
be given physical keys to the space, in lieu of RFID tokens, beginning 
Monday August 31. These keys will be replaced by RFID tokens when the
tokens become available.
		
 * Motion Moved by: Darin White
 * Motion Seconded by: Eric Gerlach
 * In Favour: 5
 * Opposed: 0
 * Abstained:
		
ACTIONS
 1. Eric will try to contact Michael Kowalski.
 2. Eric will contact Shin regarding the donation of his strike.
 3. Ben will cut keys for pending members, to be distributed at the 
 August 31 Board Meeting/Key-Granting Party.
		
- Ceiling
PRESENTATION
Eric Gerlach presented to the Board an update on his progress cleaning 
the ceiling. He'll continue blowing it out over the weekend.
		
- Windows
PRESENTATION
Darin White presented to the Board an update on his progress cleaning
the windows. 1 window is completed, however they are all in very bad 	
shape -- we can't do a lot with them. 10 panes need to be replaced. 
Kapley has said he'll look after the repairs. Burhan has also said he
has some replacement glass panes he will give us.
		
DISCUSSION
Now that the days are getting shorter, working on the windows is a
weekend job. There is some concern regarding whether Kapley will get
the windows repaired within a reasonable amount of time. We should
give him a conservative deadline, so that we will have time to do it
ourselves (if necessary) before the Grand Opening.
		
ACTIONS
 1. Eric Gerlach will email Kapley about repairing the windows. 
		
- Painting
PRESENTATION
Robert Gissing presented to the Board an update on his progressing 
patching the walls in preparation for painting. 
Ben Brown presented to the Board pricing for second hand paint from 	
Rona - $15/gallon
	
DECISIONS
1. The Board decided, by general consensus, that Ben Brown will 
purchase 10 gallons of "Cloud" paint from Rona, along with 5 gallons 
of primer.
		
- Furniture & what we want for the space.
DISCUSSION
We need some decent sofas for the lounge, as well as a TV. This coming 
weekend is moving weekend for most students, which may be fruitful for 
us. Freecycle, Kajiji, and Rim Classifieds are also worth checking.
		
ACTIONS
 1. Ben Brown will investigate what furniture has been discarded in
 student housing neighbourhoods
 2. Eric Gerlach will contact somebody as Central Stores.
 3. Stephanie Smith will check Freecycle.
		
6.3 Banks
---------
	
PRESENTATION
Ben Brown presented to the Board an update on our financial situation.
Specifically, we have enough money in the bank to cover our September 
rent.
	
ACTIONS
 1. Ben Brown will find out if we can do direct debit payments.
 2. Eric Gerlach will test "Personal Payee" payments to the Kwartzlab 
 account from a non-TD account.
	
6.4 Real Estate/Leases
----------------------
No out-standing business.
	
6.5 Logo
--------
	
PRESENTATION
Darin White presented to the Board an update on the logo submissions to 
date. He provided the Board withe copies of all of the logos submitted - 6 
in total.
	
DECISION
1. The Board agreed by general consensus to provide the prospective 
membership with 2 logos to vote on -- "the gear oscillator" and "the 
socket".
		
ACTIONS
 1. Stephanie Smith will put a poll on the website.
	
6.6. Website/Mailing Lists
--------------------------

DISCUSSION
Bill Traynor has stated he intends to shut down hackw.net shortly. 
We have a lot of old/outdated content related to the hackerspace up on 
makekw.org; now that we have our own web presence, this should be removed.
	
ACTIONS
 1. Stephanie Smith will remove kwartzlab content from makekw.org and 
 replace it with a link to kwartzlab.ca
 2. Stephanie Smith will be responsible to ensuring content on kwartzlab.ca
 remains up to date.
	
6.7. Project Teams
------------------
No out-standing business.
	
6.8. Grand Opening
------------------
	
- Party
DISCUSSION
While Natalie is filling out and submitting the liquor license, a
Board members should actually be responsible for this. Robert
Gissing has SmartServe, and volunteers for this.
We need members committed to bringing in cool projects that we can 
show off. Andrew Mackie volunteers to organize projects for the 	
evening. Projects need to be submitted prior to the event.

ACTIONS
 1. Stephanie Smith will configure the announcement list to moderate
 message, rather than discarding them.
 2. Andrew will post an announcement to the members' announcement list.
		
6.9 Converting Club Members to Corporate Members
------------------------------------------------

DISCUSSION
Should we add a general liability waiver to the membership agreement form? 
Hackerspaces.org has a boilerplate waiver posted on their website. Waivers 
don't actually change anything, but they do help demonstrate due 
diligence.
We won't vote in any member who has not paid their dues and signed the new
membership form.
	
ACTIONS
 1. Eric will provide the audit exemption form.
 2. Robert will check with Russ about the wording for a waiver.
	
7. New Business
---------------

7.1. Scheduling a first general meeting
---------------------------------------

PRESENTATION
Eric Gerlach presented to the Board an update on his findings regarding
our obligations at the first General Meeting. Apart from having to notify
the membership by post 10 days in advance, and potentially having to 
appoint an auditor, we are exempt from all special requirements.
	
DECISIONS
It was agreed by general consensus that the first General Meeting shall be
scheduled for September 22. 
	
ACTIONS
 1. Eric will draft a bylaw allowing us to notify members of future General 
 Meetings by email.
 2. Eric will send out the meeting announcements by September 12.
	
7.2. Engaging Politicians & Municipalities
------------------------------------------

PRESENTATION
Darin White presented to the Board that he has engaged his city 
councillor, Karen Scian. He's posted the elevator pitch he sent her
to the website. She was very enthusiastic about Kwartzlab. 
Darin also has a connection to the Arts & Culture Committee, and he will 
find out if we can do a presentation for them. 
	
DISCUSSION
We should organize presentations for various politicians and municipal 
groups. We don't need to know what we want from them -- the presentations
can just serve to introduce us. The Arts & Culture Committee, for 
instance, makes recommendations to city council regarding grants. Getting
them to recognize our name is advantageous. We won't get grants for 
capital, but they will help with soft expenses for public access stuff 
i.e., space/catering for a free public event).
Martin DeGroot has been asking when we can write about us. We're not ready 
just yet.
	
7.3. Hackerspace Alliances
--------------------------

PRESENTATION
Darin White presented to the Board an update on his networking with 
hacklab, thinkhaus, & diyode. A group even is in the works, and he should
have more details on Saturday.
As well, the Two Hands Project will be coming to Ontario sometime in 
September.
Darin will be traveling to DC in October, and plans to connect with Nick 
Farre (hacDC) while he is there.
	
		
7.4. People bringing stuff in to the space
------------------------------------------

DISCUSSION
For the time being, anything that people bring in to the space must be 
donated to the space. Once we have insurance in place, and have worked
out a standard "leasing" agreement, then we can begin accepting items
on loan.

8. Adjournment
---------------

DECISION: The meeting was adjourned at  2239EDT.

 * Motion Moved by:  Stephanie Smith
 * Seconded by:  Ben Brown
 * In Favour:  6
 * Opposed: 0
 * Abstained: 

