{{Meeting
|Date=2012/12/17
|Time=19:30
|Address=283 Duke St. W., Unit 106 Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}

=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy Casselman at 19:43

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Motion Forwarded: Rob
:* Motion Second: Darcy
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Report from the President ===
:* Nothing to report at this meeting

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* No formal report at this time. $8700 in bank.
:* $2200 in deposits going in
:* first/last rent for new place sent already
:* going to look for accountant/bookkeeper for year end taxes/bookkeeping

=== New Business ===
==== Membership Approval for Terry Wilkinson ====
:* Approved unanimous via mailing list
:* Action Item: Rob to add to mailing lists
:* Action Item: Ben to send acceptance emails, etc.

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* A couple of members are getting close to 2 month behind. Ben following up

==== Hackademy Collaboration - Family Day (To Be Named) ====
:* Doug: Original idea was a 3D printer workshop. Idea exploded from there
:* Asking permission to associate Kwartzlab's name to the event
:* Use Kwartzlab name when approaching corporations for sponsorship
:* As 'joint production' event
:* Requesting money/resources for 
:* Computers for computer programming course
:* Money for 3d Printers
:* Money for consumables
:* Question raised whether this event can happen within 2 months
:* Planning will be scalable to work around any possible contigency plans that may come up
:* possible loaning of 3D printers from various members
:* There is interest from members in assisting with the 3D printing workshop
:* Doug's not asking for any funding from Kwartzlab. Hoping to have event with as little money output as possible
:* Ben: Asking about commitment related to event as it relates to the move for Kwartzlab in the next month and a bit
:* Doug: will take any volunteers that he can get
:* Motion: Whether the board is willing to associate their name to the event
:* Motion carried by: Doug
:* Seconded: Darcy
:* All in favour: Unianimous

==== Health and Safety ====
:* A lot of discussion around health and safety with the lab
:* James recommending having a safety class for all members every year
:* Ben proposes safety orientation for new members
:* Motion: to have all new members sign health and safety document
:* Motion forwarded by: Ben
:* Seconded by: Karl
:* All in favour: 5 board members 
:* Opposed: 
:* Obstaining: 2 board members
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this

=== Old Business ===

==== Pandora Lease ====
:* It's signed and the cheque has been deposited. We have the keys.

==== Moving ====
:* Timelines, details, expenses, etc.
:* Pay for current month rent, with overlap in January (last month's rent) to landloard at Boehmer Box and provide notice
:* This allows us to build out the new location and then move everything in during January
:* Removal of additional electrical that we installed
:* Emailing membership about move, also copies of notice/move to lawyer as well
:* Need to plan for moving / build out
:* Need to book moving truck(s) to approve expenses
:* Previous Action Item: to plan out series events that need to happen to execute us leaving / moving / buildout for the new location - to be allocated according to areas. Plan out on the WIKI - Darcy has created the page
:* Previous Action Item: Letter sent to lawyer, cc:ed board - Rob Gissing - Done
:* Updates: Christian to move out existing items from the space over the next two weeks
:* Christian will leave some hardware around if we want to use them
:* Ben outlined what we wanted to change with the space, all in alignment with Christian.

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Previous Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Not done yet
:* Previous Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 20:21 forwarded by: Darcy
Second: Ben
All in favour: Unanimous


=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Darcy
* Mark
* Ben
* Rob
* Doug
* Karl
* James

==== Regrets ====
* 
 
==== Unknown ====
*
