# Board Meeting 156.

Date:   
Time: 1930  
Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON  
Meeting Type: Board Meeting  
Minutes by: Ryan  

## Attending
* Present:
* Absent:

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by:
 * seconded:
 * approved:
 * at:

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by:
 * seconded:
 * approved:

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes  

* Approval of minutes from board meeting 156
 * motion to approve
     * by:
     * seconded:
     * approved:

## Report from President
 * 156: Doug - Yeah, that's my job now. Everything is awesome.

## Report from Treasurer
 * 156:
  * Steph: Sent out financials. Update was sent out today. Needs to be updated. Little hurt no one noticed. Did include it, but wrong month. (Ryan will change). Only exciting thing is the $1000 Proud To Be Grant. Into the discretionary fund. Did go through operations. Did a tally of surpluses from previous year. We should have $5000 we can move from operations to discretionary. We need a board vote to move the $5000. Do we want discussion?   
  * Christine: This is just preliminary?  
  * Steph: need to confirm amount. Too busy for accurate count, but definitely.  
  * James: We could defer  
  * Doug: We could move it, we don't need to spend it.  
  * Steph: need a few months to pull out accurate number  
  * Doug: move to move money into discretionary account ($5000 from operations to discretionary)	 
  * John: Let's move it to new business


 * June, 2016 Financial Report
 * motion to accept
     * by: Christine
     * seconded: James
     * approved: Unanimous

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update  
 * 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
 * [...]
 * 154: No new cycles, laser still online.  James replaced the fuse the other day.
 * 156: It's still working. Don't want to touch it before I move. PEBKAC
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
 * 143: Steph will draft a thing
 * [...]
 * 154: Stephs not here, man.
 * 156: Nothing
* Christine will be updating the wiki and approaching additional people before next meeting.
	* 154: Ongoing.
	* 156: No update. James: let's not call it the warden system. Christing: Find better name for next month. Lab now has an eventbrite account (had it all along).
* Jaymis to get Davenport a copy of the GA quote (update to "Front door closing").
	* 154: 3 companies emailed, response from Kote today.
	* 156:
   * Steph: will suggest that either Jaymis or Davenport will not be dealing with door.
   * John: do we hand off or close
   * James: Seems to be working. don't have time to do it myself. If not issues, let's defer. We do need someone to take this over.    
   * John: do we strke it?   
   * Steph: Jaymis has a quote? We need to get that.   
   * James: I will get it. threshold and pins need replacing. Questionable quote, no one was here. Davenport was going to set up a new quote.
   * John: Let's say James will get previous quote, and close off that action item. Next month we can add new business of getting  a new quote.   
   * Christine: Isn't this Christian's issue?   
   * James: it worked when we moved in, it's our responsibility. don't want a member to go at it with an angle grinder because the entire front needs to be replaced if screwed up. Lots of ways to fix it, but few of them are proper.   

## New Business

* Board Transition Work: Signing authority, Locker Keys, Registering change of directors with corporation Canada. Steph has a list.
 * 156:
   * Steph: Signing authority is ongoing. Still need key for John. Don't know if everyone gave back keys (2 did). Cedric and John are working out GPG keys. Secretary will put key into repo for keys. Everyone should be on GitHub now. Everyone should also have an invite to Dropbox.
    * James: Why does team have 9 members? Need to remove Davenport and Cedric. Cedric will be left on until some signatures are done.
    * Steph: Everyone should read the bylaws and procedures.
    * James: There will be a test.
* Lease Discussion with Christian
	* 156: Will get an updated lease by the next  board meeting. Needs to be presented to the membership for discussion and concensus (or not). Something like 44 Gaukel would be good (if it's available), but the heavy lab equipment would be an issue. We should do due diligence with the ION opening (our rent may go up a lot in two years). Doug will look into 44 Gaukel.
* Moving $5000 from operations to discretionary
	* 156: See report from treasurer for discussion.  
    * Motion to Accept:
     * By: James  
     * Seconded: Christine  
     * Approved: Unamimous

## Recurring Business

### Membership Changes
* Melissa Pynkoski:
 * 153: Applied 2016-05-03; Member as of 2016-05-11, needs full set up.  Has been emailed
 * 154: Has Paid.  Full setup complete.  Has key?
 * 156: No idea if they have keys.
* Peter Cserti: Applied 2016-05-09; Member as of 2016-05-25, needs full set up.  Has paid.
 * 154: Full setup complete.  Has key?
 * 156: No idea if they have keys.
* Steve Dougherty: Applied 2016-05-31; Member as of 2016-06-08, needs full set up.
	* 154: Has Paid.  Full setup complete.  Has key?
	* 156: Has Key. Remove from future.
* Nathan Banks:
	* 156: Applied 2016-06-21, accepted 2016-07-12. Has not been contacted, nothing else done. Ryan: Will start contact. Steph will collect money.
* Jenn Blain:
 * 154: Applied 2016-05-24, asked to come out more often. Ravi contacted her about his.
 * 156: No further action. Remove from future

Steph: We have no key tracking feature. James: Ben's working on a new system. Steph: We should have a field in the register. Doug: That's an improvement.

### Member withdrawals:
* Sean Sinclair
 * 153: will confirm membershipreg has been updated.
 * 154: most updates/cleanup done; notes in archive need to be completed.
 * 156: No key retrieved. No further action. Remove from future
* Alex Gerlach
 * 156: Will need to update register. We have the key. No further action. Remove from future.

### Overdue Accounts (In Camera)
* 2 members have overdue accounts
  * 156: in camera minutes sent to BOD list on 14 July 2016

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
Purchase approval since the last meeting:
 * Vacuum, Ben, from a previous meeting - This is a purchase approval, not a re-imbursemnt.
  * Motion to approve purchase
   * by: James
   * Seconded: Christine
   * Approved: Unanimous


## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
 * Follow up about keys for new members (Ryan)
 * Inform Nate about his membership acceptance (Ryan)
 * Board transition work needs to continue (Steph)
 * Overdue accounts need notifying (Steph)
 * Update financial for June in GitHub (Ryan)
 * Get GA quote from Jaymis (James)
 * Follow up about 44 Gaukel space availability (Doug)
 * Start discussion with membership about lease when information recieved from Christian.
 * Send Ryan key to put into Github for Signing Authority (John)
 * Put key in Github (Ryan)

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: James
 * seconded by: Steph
 * passes:  Unamimous
* Adjourned at: 20:48

Next meeting: John will be missed.
