# Board Meeting 157.

Date:  11 August 2016  
Time: 1930  
Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON  
Meeting Type: Board Meeting  
Minutes by: Ryan  

## Attending
* Present: Steph, Christing, Jim, Doug, Ryan, James
* Absent: John

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: James
 * seconded:
 * approved: Unanimous
 * at: 19:34

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: Steph
 * seconded: Doug
 * approved: Unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes  

* Approval of minutes from board meeting 156
 * motion to approve
     * by: Jim
     * seconded: James
     * approved: Unamimious

## Report from President
 * 156: Doug - Yeah, that's my job now. Everything is awesome.
 * 157: Everything is still Awesome.

## Report from Treasurer
 * 157: Nothing terribly exciting.
    James: Matt Bell's comment is good. Separate utilities and rent.
    Steph: Easy to do.
    James: It would be good to understand power consumption. Might help members care.

* July, 2017 Financial Report
  * motion to accept
     * by: Ryan
     * seconded: Doug
     * approved: Unanimous

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update  
 * 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
 * [...]
 * 156: It's still working. Don't want to touch it before I move. PEBKAC
 * 157: Laser power supply stopped working. Fixed by Mike based on suggestion by Neil (component incorrectly sized for North American power)
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
 * 143: Steph will draft a thing
 * [...]
 * 156: Nothing
 * 157: Nothing
* Christine will be updating the wiki and approaching additional people before next meeting.
 * 157: Aarno has volunteered to be cleaning warden, happy to contribute. Christine and Steph will go over his duties with him. Wiki is updated, 4 wardens. Picked up Sean Stoughton as Safety Equipment Warden. Need to put together safety checklist. Will be putting together 4 safety stations with first aid kits and fire extinguisher. Safety is everyone's responsibility, he will keep track of safety gear.  
 James: I can be laser supreme overlord. Officially coolest warden name.
* Jaymis to get Davenport a copy of the GA quote (update to "Front door closing").
 * 156: Get quote from Davenport.
 * 157: Quote is probably not useful. Action item, get two quotes.
* Lease Discussion with Christian
 * 156: Will get an updated lease by the next  board meeting.
 * 157: Quote from Christian:
  > At present we would like to discuss an increase to $2000 next year (an increase of $214.60) and to $2100 for the second year.

  - Doug: Property tax increases may continue  
  - Steph: Once the LRT is done, this place may no longer be viable. Building may be worth more.  
  - $2000 with HST to 2100 the next year.  
  - Similiar to last years increase.   
  - We aren't meeting the Gaukel people until the 22nd. We can take some time. It's not pressing for us yet.  
  - James: The numbers seem reasonable  
  - Steph: the only question is if Gaukel can offer us anything more attractive.  
  - Jim: and how long any refit will take  
  - Doug: There's a big discussion that has to happen if they make us a reasonable offer.  
  - James: Something to consider is if we sign for two years here, whatever we get at Gaukel needs to be at least as long.  
  - Doug: One of my demands is a 4 year lease. They seem to be actively pursuing us, and our presence matches what they are trying to create. Conestoga's lease expires August next year. Accelerator has top floor, with Arts Build Ontario. They're trying to make a maker space at the intersection of Arts and Technology, kind of like Kwartzlab.  
  - Jim: What about bike parking?  
  - Steph: In the parking lot, there is a rack.  
  - Jim: I'd be cautious of leaving a bike downtown.  
  - James: You'll engage the mailing list right after the meeting?  
  - Doug: Yes  
  - Christine: Let's wait, sit on it for awhile.  

* 44 Gaukel
  * 156: Before signing the new lease we should look at other options
  * 157: Two visits by members to space. Discussion with City about list of requests. See last discussion

## New Business

 * Should new member financial information be discussed in camera?
  - 157: Ben noticed that we reference new members and whether they've paid their dues in the minutes. Should this be in camera?
    James: Our minutes are searchable on google.
    Cedric: A requirement is to pay. Not a surprise.
    Steph: We can semi-anonimize it using initials.
    Let's just use initials, everyone has to pay. Anything about not paying is in camera.
  - Secretary only uses initials from now on.

 * Lathe Safety: We have a lathe warden. Neil.  
  - Christine: Is there a way to keep people who haven't been trained away from the lathe?  
  - James: We should have this discussion about a lot of our tools.  
  - Doug: Site3 had a 6 finger removal incident a few months ago.  
  - Steph: Dyode had one a few years ago.  
  - Jim: I'm terrified of the table saw.  
  - James: When you're terrified, your safe.  
  We could keep the interlock key hidden.  
  - James: Root of issue is training. Table saw has none.  
  - Steph: Back to which tools need training.  
  - James: How do we stop members from using tools they don't know how to use or aren't comfortable with it.  We've had this discussion a few time.  
  - Christine: If we wanted to contol access to people who are trained. Ravi thinks we could get away with 20 keys, based on member interest. We could also get a lock out tag out system (only one key) for times when the system really shouldn't be used.  
  - James: Lock out kit is a good idea. Neil has a lock out already.  
  - Christine: We should track who has the lathe keys. On the wiki, mailing list or in the register.  
  - Jim: If we had a maintained list, it a place for new members to go to find someone who knows how to use a tool.  
  - Doug: We can't guarantee no accidents, but we can create a culture where people get trained. We should also address any legal liability issues.
  - James: We can have non-members come in the space and use the tools improperly and dangerously.  
  - Christine: a table saw is familiar and many people know how to use it.
  - James: we could lock out the table saw. It would just be left unlocked.
  - Jim: Due diligence will help to protect us.  
  - James: Multiple keys for access with training is a good start.  
  - Steph: Avenues for training are not obvious for anyone.  
  - Christine: Steam labs does maker bootcamps sessions.  
  - James: We do have a training and equipment safety policy. On the wiki. not updated since 2012  
  - Jim: I can update the wiki. <Jim is now wiki warden>  


## Recurring Business

### Membership Changes

* Melissa Pynkoski:
 - 153: Applied 2016-05-03; Member as of 2016-05-11, needs full set up.  Has been emailed
 - 154: Has Paid.  Full setup complete.  Has key?
 - 156: No idea if they have keys.
 - 157: Contacted about key, recieved from Ravi. Remove from future.
* Peter Cserti: Applied 2016-05-09; Member as of 2016-05-25, needs full set up.  Has paid.
 - 154: Full setup complete.  Has key?
 - 156: No idea if they have key
 - 157: Contacted about key. Has one. Remove from future.
* Nathan Banks:
 - 156: Applied 2016-06-21, accepted 2016-07-12. Has not been contacted, nothing else done. Ryan: Will start contact. Steph will collect money.
 - 157: Now has key, remove from future.   

### Member withdrawals:

### Overdue Accounts (In Camera)
* 1 member at 90 days, 2 approaching 60 days

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
Purchase approval since the last meeting:

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
  * Steph: Split out rent and utilities in expense reporting.
  * Christine: Get a position description written for James.
  * James: Will get two door quotes.
  * Christine: Co-ordinate training with Ravi and key cutting from Neil for the lathe.
  * Jim: Get access to the wiki. Dig through the wiki and find the stuff that needs updating.
  * Everyone: Watch Dyode's safety video

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: Steph
 * seconded by: Christine
 * passes: Unanimous
* Adjourned at: 20:40
