# Board Meeting 148

Date: 2015-12-09
Time: 20:38
Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
Meeting Type: Board Meeting
Minutes by: Cedric

## Attending
* Present: Cedric, Jaymis, James, Christine, Steph, Davenport, Ravi @ 20:59

## Absent
* Absent: Ravi (until he arrived at 20:59, just after membership updates)

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: Christine
 * seconded: Jaymis
 * at: 20:38

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: James
 * seconded: Davenport
 * approved; unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 147
 * motion to approve
     * by: Jaymis
     * seconded: Christine
     * approved: unanimous

## Report from President:
	* 148: Everything is awesome; lab is cleanish, but not cleaner than last week.
        * 147: Lab is cleaner, people complaining more. Success? Yes, because it means people care.

## Report from Treasurer:
	* 148: The report from November has been tabled.  Electricity in the winter was about $500-600/bill last year.
        * 147: Maker Expo is almost finished. Awaiting two cheques to come in. Otherwise, all is good. 

* Nov, 2015 Financial Report
 * motion to accept
     * by: Davenport
     * seconded: James
        * approved: unanimous

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Cedric - contact Dirt & Snow for quotes (was: circulate snow clearing details before next meeting)
        * 144: we are waiting to hear from the city about the extent of our obligations
        * 145: appears to be moot, as there is no sidewalk to maintain, and it will likely continue as such.  Can we get quote for remaining bit of sidewalk, and option to have parking remain passable?
        * 146: Agreed that we will do the original quote, Cedric to contact D&S.
        * 147: Cedric has received a quote for ~$700 for snow clearing for the season. Motion at approve: Davenport, Second: Cedric, Approved: unanimous. Cedric to secure contract and follow up next meeting. 
	* 148: Invoice has been received and paid, to be removed from future minutes.
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update
        * 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
        * 144: power meter has arrived, tube has not been ordered yet (some research is required), much measuring has been done
        * 145: laser runs fine at 80%, and no unreliability so long as not overdriven, therefore so not urgent, want to move laser first.  We can get a new tube in about a week, and we have the money reserved.
        * 146: James to finish his diagram and bill of materials so as to make a proper proposal.
        * 147: James is continuing to explore the laser system and looking at the best way to fix/upgrade.
	* 148: Is ongoing, parts are being ordered, parts are in transit, Davenports solution is holding the line for the moment.  Tube is fine, everything else has been other issues.
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
        * 143: Steph will draft a thing
        * 144: was not expected to be done today
        * 145: n/c
        * 146: not until christmas
        * 147: n/c
	* 148: n/c
* Cedric - get Ben Registrar List lite for access control
        * 147: Pushed to next meeting.
	* 148: Done, to be removed from future minutes. Repo is "membershipreg", old register is in repo "archive".
* Christine - to write and circulate proposed guidelines for loaned tools
        * 147: Written and Circulated. To be put on wiki before next meeting. 
	* 148: Done, to be remoted from future minutes.
* Ravi - recommend bandsaw situation solution
        * 147: Recommend giving back Dons bandsaw and purchasing Drews bandsaw for $400. Motion: James, Seconded: Ravi, Approved: unanimous. Ravi will contact Don to re-claim his saw before next months meeting. Lab will pay $45 for replacement part on Dons saw.   
	* 148: Ravi confirms old bandsaw is gone; remove from future minutes.
* Ravi - will write guidelines for how we sell lab property
        * 147: Done. To be put on Wiki.
	* 148: Not done yet.

### Membership Changes: 
	* Catherine Holloway is withdrawn.
		* 148: has been removed from membership register; mailing lists, etc, need to be updated.
	* Andrew Bass is withdrawn.
		* 148: has been removed from membership register; mailing lists, etc, need to be updated.
	* Sonny Lloyd has been voted in, to be ratified by noting in the minutes.
		* 148: payment has been confirmed and membership register has been updated; mailing lists and web accounts need to be updated
	* Rob Green needs to be voted on.
		* James will contact, encourage more time @ TON, etc.
	* Kevin LeBlanc needs to be voted on.
		* James will contact, encourage more time @ TON, etc.
	* nik Harron has applied, but cannot be voted on yet.

#### Overdue Accounts (In Camera):
      * None at this time.

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
Reimbursements since the last meeting:
* CapEx: $400.00 to Drew Ripley for band saw purchase (RR n/a - Board Meeting# 147)
* TWC: $60 to Neil Eaton for TWC Maker Skills Program (RR #324656889042336696)
* TWC: $60 to Shaun Zimmerman for TWC Maker Skills Program (RR #324656889042336696)
* TWC: $180 to Christine Van Walraven for TWC Maker Skills Program (RR #324656787042282818)
* TWC: $60 to Agnes Niewiadomski for TWC Maker Skills Program (RR #324656787042282818)
* TWC: $60 to Cam Turner for TWC Maker Skills Program (RR #324656787042282818)
* TWC: $60 to Stephen Paul Weber for TWC Maker Skills Program (RR #324656787042282818)
* OpEx: $52.21 to Sean Stoughton for replacement sander belts (RR #323931197951958195)
* OpEx: $26.01 to Bo DeGregory for Timer switch for heavy lab exhaust fan & Replacement taps for tap & die set (RR #323890925361287198)
* TWC: $338.98 to Stephanie Smith for 2 singer sewing machines (RR #325072139718829936)
	* See Nov 8 2015 mailing list thread "More Singer Sewing Machines for the lab"


## New Business
* Drews metal table
       * 147: We are giving one week to see if there is more interest in it on the mailing list - after Neils grumping on it. If there is no positive feedback about the table, Drew will make it disappear. 
	* 148: It is gone; to be removed from future minutes.
* "Your mom is not a member. Clean up your dirt."
       * 147: We have cameras pointed at the doors for basic security purposes. Further cameras would be a tech solution to a cultural problem, and not necessarily a useful solution. Overall the lab is getting cleaner - the fact that people are complaining suggests that members are now expecting a certain level of cleanliness. No further action needed at this time. Remove from future minutes.
	* 148: Will remove from future minutes.

## Old Business

### Snow Clearing Quotes
* 144: Jaymis has contacted the city regarding possibly non-existent sidewalks.
* 145: Cedric to get updated quotes.
* 146: We are moving forward per discussion above, Cedric has action item.
* 147: Cedric has received a contract offer and will secure it before next board meeting. See "Previous Meeting Action Items". 
* 148: Done and paid; to be removed from future minutes.

### Allowing data from the membership register to be available to the door control system
     * 147: Work in Progress.
     * 148: Done, to be removed from future minutes.

### Loaning tools to the Lab - labelling, vetting, damage, etc.
     * 147: Guidelines written and approved and will be moved to Wiki before next meeting. 
     * 148: Done, to be removed from future minutes. (Christian actually did it right after we talked about it, so ... go Davenport!)

### Cleaning Eaves-troughs:
      * 147: Davenport will get a crew together to check eaves and recommend action.
      * 148: Done, to be removed from future minutes.

### Front and Back Doors:
     * 147: Jaymis awaiting quote from G&A before taking further action. Ravi to enquire to see if we can get a second quote. Once quotes are received Jaymis will contact Christian to see about sharing costs. 
     * 148: Jaymis says it has been trouble, GA has new system that is not working well.  We have one quote that is about $1083 for changes that we do not believe will fix the sticking issue.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* James: contact Rob Green re: coming out more.
* James: contact Kevin LeBlanc re: coming out more.
* Jaymis: contact Rons Locksmith re: door
* Ravi: need to update wiki re: how we sell stuff

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: Cedric
 * seconded by: Steph
 * passes: unanimous
* Adjourned at: 21:11
