{{Meeting
|Date=2013/01/28
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy at 20:00

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Motion Forwarded: 
:* Motion Second: 

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're awesome

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Deposits for late cheques have gone in

=== New Business ===

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Follow up next meeting

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Karl Williams: $41.52 - plywood
:* Andrew Mackie: $80.00 - kitchen cabinets 
:* Ben Brown: $161.86 - Ducting items, insulation, glue, electrical supplies
:* All in favour: all but Ben (can't vote)

==== Board Meeting Intervals ====
:* Weekly until buildout is done

==== Couch from Mike ====
:* Mike to bring in his wood couch for the lounge

==== Approval for Ed's electrical ====
:* Electrical for kitchen buildout and kiln wiring: $350
:* Need to look into getting money for the 100A service wire we used at Boehmer (approx value $600) to help offset costs
:* Approval for $350 Moved by James
:* Second by Ben
:* All in favour: unanimous

=== Old Business ===

==== Opening Night Planning ====
:* Darcy - not a Trillium / opening party, just opening party. No press releases, etc. - Action Item: Post blog
:* Two bands to provide live music for the event
:* Cash bar for the event
:* Action Item: pamplets/flyers to neighbours - created, being edited - in progress - Mark, Andrew
:* Action Item: Gus - bar license - got it - Done
:* Action Item: Gus - alcohol selection
:* Action Item: Kwartzlab swag - Ben - in progress, printed, just need to make the pins
:* Action Item: Posters - Andrew
:* Action Item: James/Agnes to look into Tshirts and/or creating them - James working on design, need to find shirt
:* Action Item: Band - need to follow up with band for announcing / advertising / logos - Doug

==== Snow removal ====
:* Hire somebody?
:* Doug: has a source that seems fairly inexpensive - per snow work rather than contract - Doug's estimate - $100 per round
:* Doug's estimate was turned down
:* Looks like the city does the Charles st. sidewalk
:* Coming off agenda

==== Move to Kent Street ====
:* Prioritization for this week
::* Doug - sign creations - XL Screen printing to do the signs - no update this meeting
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - Karl / Mark - in progress, looks great
::* Action Item: 2nd floor - Andrew, Chris B., Mark - in progress
::* Action Item: Network drops - Ben - waiting to do the ones in the back (waiting on Taylor and plumbing pipe). Drops for upstairs, use existing holes in floor to run lines
::* Action Item: Kitchenette - Andrew/Rob/Taylor - in progress
::* Action Item: James - door security hardware investigation - in progress
::* Action Item: Ben - rear door replacement - need to find a door
::* Action Item: Electrical for Kitchen - in progress
::* Action Item: Decommissioning of electrical at Boehmer - done
::* Action Item: Boehmer remaining clean up - Rob to lead this - have to do another sweep before Thursday
::* Action Item: Cleaning up the space / organizing - in progress
::* Action Item: Laser vent tube preparation / work working vent tube prep - in progress

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Previous Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release
:* Previous Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time
:* Doug would like to look into getting the 3D printer with Trillium grant money sooner than later, possibly for the party event
:* Need to re-get quotes for the items listed from the grant to help start the purchasing process - can be done by members to get 3 quotes and bring those back to the board for review
:* Action Item: Darcy - original quote list can be scanned and put up on the wiki, currently sent via Admin mailing list
:* Proposed Date: TBD
:* Action Item: 3D Printer - Doug to order Wednesday latest (approved via mailing list) - in progress, James to provide card for purchase
:* Action Item: Mark to create a public document where people can submit what they want (also provide original document + quotes) - Done

==== Hackademy Collaboration - Family Day (To Be Named) ====
:* Followup
:* Doug - email sent to members list with a bunch of information. The event is going ahead. 3D printer event needs to be hashed out. Hoping to get about 6 printers.
:* Doug to talk with THEMUSEUM about the details around the event 
:* Monday Feb 18th, 10am-4pm
:* Mark inquired about having a Kwartzlab table at the event - Action Item: Doug to look into this

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Doc is concerned about people not wearing eye protection. The board supports his advocacy to have proper protection. Glasses have been purchases and brought to Kent for the build out
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various
:* No updates this meeting

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 20:42
Forwarded by: Darcy
Second: Rob
In favour: Unanimous


=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Karl
* Ben
* Mark
* Rob
* Darcy
* James

==== Regrets ====
*
 
==== Unknown ====
*

==== Unknown ====
*
