KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Meeting Minutes
----------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: September 9, 2010
* Time: 7:30pm
* Location: KwartzLab Society Inc.
* Meeting #43

BOARD MEMBERS

* Present: Eric Gerlach, Robert Gissing, Stephanie Smith, Paul Walker, Alex Wiliams
* Late: Ben Brown (arrived before 5.2 Old Business: Health & Safety)
* Absent: Cedric Puddy
* Quorum: Yes (5/7)

OTHERS

* KwartzLab Members: Alexandra Dysinski, Jonathan Lamothe

Distribution: To all KwartzLab Society Board Members

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary@kwartzlab.ca> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions.

Proceedings:
==============

1.Call to Order
---------------

The President Robert Gissing acted as Chair for the meeting, and called
the meeting to order at 1936 EST. The Secretary, Stephanie Smith,
recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the
meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

Director Alex Williams attended the meeting by telepresence, with the consent of the Directors present.


2. Approval of the Agenda
-------------------------

The President presented the agenda, which was accepted by the general consent of the Board.

3. Report from the Treasurer
----------------------------

Postponed.

4. Report from the President
----------------------------

The President reported that his dog, Simon, continues to scratch himself and enjoy life.

5. Old Business
---------------

  5.1. Website and Mailing Lists
  ------------------------------
  
  Update for action 39.2 on Ben Brown: build new site in WordPress
  Postponed until next week.
  
  5.2. Health & Safety Committee
  ------------------------------
  
  1. Emergency Phone
  
    Update on action 42.2 on Ben Brown: Bring in SIM for Nokia
    Ben Brown supplied a $100 voucher and SIM card. We can activate it this evening.
  
    Update on action 42.3 on Ben Brown: Sell Nokia on eBay
    No update.
    
  2. Set Board Procedure and Committee Appointments
  
    Update on action 42.4 on Robert Gissing: post his ideas regarding H&S policy to Board list for discussion.
    No update.
    
    Update on action 44.1 on Robert Gissing: propose a date for the H&S discussion on the BoD list
    An in-person discussion has been scheduled for November 4.
    
  5.3. Need of alarm system and anti-burglary system
  --------------------------------------------------
  
  Update on action 39.3 on Ben Brown: install webcam security cam outside our front door 
  Ben reported that he has the camera and computer in hand; he just needs to install it.
  
Paul Walker left the meeting at 1943.

  5.4. Kwartzlab Store
  --------------------
  
  Update on action 41.3 on Steph Smith: ask members what Ladyada items they would like to see in the store
  Steph Smith reported that she's received input from 2 members, and 1 non-member, and has a list of 
  part numbers.
  
  However, the discount from Ladyada is not significant, unless we are purchasing >=25 pieces:
  
    10% (1-9), 20% (10-24), 30-40% (25+)
    
  Update for action 41.2 on Paul Walker: organize arduino order for shop
  Ben Brown reported that he's received a new distributor agreement, which he will forward to the BoD for review.
  
  5.5. How can we start fully using the Heavy Equipment Lab
  ----------------------------------------------------------
  
  Update for action 41.6 on Robert Gissing & Ben Brown: schedule an appointment with [an appropriate individual] 
  and Burhan to investigate electrical.
  
  Robert Gissing reported that an electrician has been in to offer a professional opinion. The cheap option would
  be to go from panels in the furnace room (which are new and empty).
  Burhan was not available for comment, however Gus indicated that Mrs. Burhan was present, and seemed to be 
  empowered to approve the plan. If we want to proceed, the electrician (John) can provide a quote this week.
  
  No update on ventilation yet. Gary needs some measurements before he can proceed. Gus indicated that he will
  acquire them.
  
  Update on action 43.2 on Ben Brown: talk to Karl William about organizing the tool room
  Karl would like lighting and ventilation sorted out, before he does anything with the tool room.
  
  5.6. People's personal belongings and projects
  ----------------------------------------------
  
  No update.
  
  5.7. SoOnCon
  ------------
  
  Ben Brown reported that SoOnCon was epic. The Board concurs. 
  
  68 tickets were sold in advance, plus a few at the door. We made $200 at the cash bar, which offset the loss
  on badges. Remaining badges will be sold for $20.
  
  The entire event could have been held on our own premises.
  
  The event received good coverage on CTV News. The focus of the segment was on hacking not being criminal. They 
  pronounced our name correctly, and also flashed our (correct) URL. No coverage from local papers.
  
  Site3 has volunteered to host next year's event. 
  
  5.8. Tool Committee
  -------------------
  
  Further discussion moved to November 4 meeting.
  
  5.9. Budget Revision
  --------------------
  
  Ben Brown will post the draft budget to the BoD mailinglist.
  
6. New Business
---------------

  6.1. Public Event: Ubuntu Release Party
  ---------------------------------------
  
  Motion Passed: to hold a public Ubuntu Release Party on October 16
  Motion Moved: Ben Brown
  Motion Seconded; Stephanie Smith
  Discussion: Robert Gissing decalred that if there's going to be a party, cake must be provided.
    In Favour: 5
    Opposed: 0
    Abstained: 0
    
  6.2. Public Event: Fabric Swap
  ------------------------------
  
  Motion Passed: to hold a public fabric swap sometime in November
  Motion Moved: Robert Gissing
  Motion Seconded: Ben Brown
    In Favour: 5
    Opposed: 0
    Abstained: 0
    
  6.3. Public Event: NaNoWriMo Misc Events
  ----------------------------------------
  
  Motion Passed: to hold a variety of public NaNoWriMo events throughout the month of November, including
  one or two overnight events. 
  Motion Moved: Robert Gissing
  Motion Seconded; Eric Gerlach
  Discussion: Dates still need to be determined. While these will be open to the public, they will not be widely 
  advertised.
    In Favour: 5
    Opposed: 0
    Abstained: 0
    
7. Next Board Meeting
---------------------
The next board meeting will be held at 8pm on Tuesday, to approve a new member. 

8. Adjournment
--------------

The meeting adjourned by general consensus at 2019.