{{Meeting
|Date=2012/12/03
|Time=19:30
|Address=283 Duke St. W., Unit 106 Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}

=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy Casselman at 19:34 pm

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Motion Forwarded: Darcy
:* Motion Second: Ben
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Report from the President ===
:* No report

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* No report

=== New Business ===

==== Follow Up from General Meeting ====
:* Went better than expected. Had expected some people to resist moving, but did not experience it.
:* Doug mentioned appreciated how the meeting ran smoothly.

==== Pandora Lease/Layout Discussion ====
:* James hasn't had a chance to draw up the layout
:* Ben has measured all relevant hardware for the space for James to work from
:* Lease: Ben - met with Christian on Friday. Went through the lease financials.
:* with the agreement Christian proposed, we'd be breaking even, but the tool fund would be non-existant until we had additional members
:* We'd be in the black with the current proposed price
:* He's willing to discuss parking arrangements with neighbouring property as well
:* Action Item: Lease agreement to be drafted up. Ben/ Rob Gissing to get reviewed.
:* Action Item: James to come up with more complete layout drawing

==== Assessing Other Potential Locations ====
:* Mark / Doug: Looking at other locations. Nothing to bring to the board as of yet. Doug has been talking with Kitchener City Business Development folks. Unfortunately nothing has been found at the pricepoint we're looking for. Feedback was that this will be a long process.
:* The contact at the city may not be the person we need to work with. Many questions.
:* Rob G. remembers a discussion about city properties. Remembers many 2nd floor locations, but not a lot of 1st floor.
:* Mark and Doug went to see 63 Courtland - many units. Some concerns about the location being similar to current location regarding building management.
:* They looked at a 3000 sq ft location - landlord wanted to dicker over the price - $2500 + utils. Out of our range.
:* Mark has pictures of the places visited
:* Marked to a place near Laurier (3600 sq ft) - price - $2500, could split the difference at $2250, which still doesn't work
:* For under $2000, real estate mentioned the Primespec space. We've already gone over why that won't work

==== Timelines for Decision Making, Moving ====
:* Pandora has 3 offers right now. We'd need to make a decision for Jan 1st. We'd need to look at this offer this week/month
:* If we decide to go into space, we can get into the space 1/2 way through Dec.
:* Ben communicated to Christian that we'll be having board meetings frequently (weekly) until decision is made

=== Old Business ===

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Darcy, Ben and Mark to attend Trillium meeting on Friday - going to meet at Kwartzlab
:* Action Item: Ben to register for the meeting

=== Action item review ===
:* Action Item: Lease agreement to be drafted up. Ben/ Rob Gissing to get reviewed.
:* Action Item: James to come up with more complete layout drawing
:* Action Item: Ben to register for the meeting

=== Adjournment ===
* Darcy adjourned the meeting at 20:17 pm
:* Motion Carried: Darcy
:* Seconded: Mark
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Darcy
* Mark
* Rob
* Ben
* Karl
* Doug
* James

==== Regrets ====
* 
 
==== Unknown ====
*
