{{Meeting
|Date=2013/01/21
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Karl at 19:47

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Motion Forwarded: Darcy
:* Motion Second: Ben

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're awesome! We've moved! Good turnout! Cupcakes were great!

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* No report this week
:* Current costs for move/buildout - $2007

=== New Business ===

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Nothing since last meeting
:* A few leftover cheques from Dec. to deposit. Ben to send email to warn members of deposits
:* Year end paperwork in progress

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Rob Adlers - Truck Rental / gas - $roughly 200
::* Approved
:* Rob Adlers - packing tape - $11.27
::* Approved
:* Karl Williams - Drywalling materials - $
::* APPROVED via mailing list
:* Ben Brown - Networking Items - $556.32
::* Already reimbursed
:* Mark Pitcher - Paint - $66.63
::* Approved
:* Agnes - Paint - $67.60
::* Approved
:* Taylor Morey - Plumbing materials - $47.57
::* Approved
:* All in favour: Unanimous
:* Ed Maste - Electrical supplies for laser (old items) - $284.83
::* Move to reimburse if it hasn't been reimbursed already - Ben
::* Second: Darcy
::* All in favour: Unanimous

==== Opening Night Planning ====
:* Darcy - not a Trillium / opening party, just opening party. No press releases, etc.
:* Two bands to provide live music for the event
:* Cash bar for the event
:* Action Item: pamplets/flyers to neighbours - created, being edited
:* Action Item: Gus - bar license - got it, follow up with Gus
:* Action Item: Kwartzlab swag - Ben - in progress, can print up brochures if needed
:* Action Item: James/Agnes to look into Tshirts and/or creating them
:* 

==== Kitchen Layout ====
:* Those in attendance debated the kitchen layout. A decision was made.

=== Old Business ===

==== Snow removal ====
:* Hire somebody?
:* Doug: has a source that seems fairly inexpensive - per snow work rather than contract - Doug's estimate - $100 per round
:* Doug's estimate was turned down
:* Looks like the city does the Charles st. sidewalk
:* Action Item: Continue looking for other options, play it by ear in the meantime with the membership

==== Move to Kent Street ====
:* Prioritization for this week
::* Doug - sign creations - XL Screen printing to do the signs
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - Karl / Mark - delivery Wed.
::* Action Item: 2nd flooring - Andrew, Chris B., Mark - in progress
::* Action Item: Network drops - Ben
::* Action Item: Kitchenette - Andrew/Rob/Taylor - purchased lower cabinets. Layout decided. Need to do wall/electric/plumbing/cabinet setup
::* Action Item: James - door security hardware investigation - in progress
::* Action Item: Ben - rear door replacement - in progress, getting two quotes
::* Action Item: Electrical for Kitchen - Ed marked locations
::* Action Item: Decommissioning of electrical at Boehmer - Ed/Rob to work on this week
::* Action Item: Boehmer remaining clean up - Rob to lead this, two lockers need unlocked
::* Action Item: Cleaning up the space / organizing
::* Action Item: Laser vent tube preparation / work working vent tube prep

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Previous Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release
:* Previous Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time
:* Doug would like to look into getting the 3D printer with Trillium grant money sooner than later, possibly for the party event
:* Need to re-get quotes for the items listed from the grant to help start the purchasing process - can be done by members to get 3 quotes and bring those back to the board for review
:* Action Item: Darcy - original quote list can be scanned and put up on the wiki, currently sent via Admin mailing list
:* Proposed Date: TBD
:* Action Item: 3D Printer - Doug to order Wednesday latest (approved via mailing list)
:* Action Item: Mark to create a public document where people can submit what they want (also provide original document + quotes)

==== Hackademy Collaboration - Family Day (To Be Named) ====
:* Followup
:* Doug - Meeting happening this Thursday to finalize details
:* Need to have a discussion about the 3D printer workshop - happening at the Museum - not currently on the family day agenda on their website

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Doc is concerned about people not wearing eye protection. The board supports his advocacy to have proper protection. Glasses have been purchases and brought to Kent for the build out
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various
:* No updates this meeting

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 20:48
Forwarded by: Darcy
Second: Ben
In favour: Unanimous


=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Karl
* Ben
* Mark
* Rob
* Darcy
* James

==== Regrets ====
*
 
==== Unknown ====
*

==== Unknown ====
*
