{{Meeting
|Date=2013/02/11
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}

=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy at 20:00

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're busy with buildout and prep this week for Saturday

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* With submitted receipts, we are out of RIM budgeted money
:* Build out $7400
:* Still have full Trillium Grant money
:* Gas / Water bill was a little high this round, not unexpected
:* Tool fund - $150 - purchases for tools recently
:* Need to slow to stop any more build out expenses at this point

=== New Business ===

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* One member is up for suspension - going to communicate with the member - possible abandonment?

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Rob - $13.77 - cleaning supplies
:* Ben - $140.58 - Various buildout expenses including keys
:* Taylor - $26.15 - plumbing
:* Mark - $236.60 - various building items
:* Mark - $458.61 - coming out of tool fund (compound mitre saw)
:* All in favour - unanimous, Ben abstains from his expense, Rob abstains from his expense

==== Insurance ====
:* insurance agent to come by tomorrow
:* Need to have discussion about insuring new space - agent said it'll probably go up due to different location and situation
:* No information on possible cost increase

=== Old Business ===

==== Opening Night Planning ====
:* Darcy wants to ping press 
::* talked with Gus, said he couldn't do it
::* Someone has talked with Cord
::* Darcy to Martin De Groot. Mark said that he will be joining us for our party
:* Two bands to provide live music for the event - bands are confirmed
::* We'll need to contact the bands for follow up
::* Discussion around not renting hardware for this event
:* Cash bar for the event
:* Action Item: pamplets/flyers to neighbours - created, being edited - distibuted the last week - DONE
::* Post on posts? Universities? In Progress
:* As far as number people that we can host, we should be good in regards to numbers as per square footage
:* We need to make sure rear door is clear and accessible as a fire exit (already is)
:* Any chance of getting printer working? Requires power. Looking into other avenues for the posters - DONE
:* Action Item: Gus - alcohol selection - Gus taking care of alcohol selections
:* Action Item: Kwartzlab swag - Ben - in progress, printed, just need to make the pins - Stickers and buttons are DONE
:* Action Item: James/Agnes to look into Tshirts and/or creating them - James working on design, need to find shirt - TBD
:* Action Item: Band - need to follow up with band for announcing / advertising / logos - Rob

==== Kent Street Buildout / Prep ====
:* Prioritization for this week
::* Doug - sign creations - XL Screen printing to do the signs - need to contact Doug for rear sign. Ben got front sign done - picking up tomorrow
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - Karl / Mark / Bernie - in progress
::* Action Item: 2nd floor - Andrew, Chris B., Mark - electrical in progress, everything else is done
::* Action Item: Network drops - Ben - waiting to do the ones in the back (waiting on Taylor and plumbing pipe). Drops for upstairs, use existing holes in floor to run lines - progress
::* Action Item: Kitchenette - Andrew/Rob/Taylor - in progress - need to drywall / frame by end of this week - DONE for now
::* Action Item: James - door security hardware investigation - been ordered. Strike can be put on the back door - need to pick up and install
::* Action Item: Ben - rear door replacement - need to find a door - pausing this Action Item
::* Action Item: Electrical for Kitchen - in progress
::* Action Item: Laser vent tube preparation / work working vent tube prep - DONE

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Mark - Ontario Arts council - found other funds to investigate as well - deadline is this April - period doesn't start until 2014
:* Mark - set deadlines for items to purchase after opening party. Fill out the list, have a membership/interested party meeting to make a decision on what to buy
:* Once this purchasing round is done, we can focus on future grant applications
:* Previous Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release - paused for now
:* Previous Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time - paused for now
:* Doug would like to look into getting the 3D printer with Trillium grant money sooner than later, possibly for the party event - no update at this time
:* Need to re-get quotes for the items listed from the grant to help start the purchasing process - can be done by members to get 3 quotes and bring those back to the board for review
:* Action Item: Darcy - original quote list can be scanned and put up on the wiki, currently sent via Admin mailing list
:* Action Item: 3D Printer - Doug to order Wednesday latest (approved via mailing list) - in progress, James to provide card for purchase

==== Family Collaboration - Family Day (To Be Named) ====
:* Followup
:* Doug - email sent to members list with a bunch of information. The event is going ahead. 3D printer event needs to be hashed out. Hoping to get about 6 printers.
:* Doug to talk with THEMUSEUM about the details around the event 
:* Monday Feb 18th, 10am-4pm
:* Mark inquired about having a Kwartzlab table at the event - Action Item: Doug to look into this

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Doc is concerned about people not wearing eye protection. The board supports his advocacy to have proper protection. Glasses have been purchases and brought to Kent for the build out
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various
:* No updates this meeting

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 20:44
Forwarded by: Karl
Second: Mark
In favour: Unanimous

=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Darcy
* Karl
* Rob
* Mark
* Ben

==== Regrets ====
* Doug
* 
 
==== Unknown ====
*

==== Unknown ====
*
