{{Meeting
|Date=2013/01/07
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave. Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy Casselman at 20:02

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Motion Forwarded: Darcy
:* Motion Second: Ben

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're Awesome
:* Nothing else to report

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Two reimbursements for buildout - Kent St.
:* Will need to contribute into the emergency fund moving forward to account for new situation

=== New Business ===
==== Membership Approval for Mike Robertson ====
:* Unanimous vote via mailing list
:* Action Item: Add to mailing lists: Rob to add Mike to mailing lists - Done
:* Action Item: Membership dues, etc.- Mark said that Mike would come by to pay Ben. Doug had emailed Mike earlier.

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Ben - still working on the December dues since holidays caused some lateness by members

==== Automotive repair in Kwartzlab ====
:* ISTR a clear consensus that we didn't want people fixing cars in the lab, even if we had a garage door.
:* We have a garage door.
:* It's possible I'm imagining things, so let's make a decision.

==== Snow removal ====
:* Hire somebody?
:* Action Item: Darcy - Look into snow service to handle snow clearing for the winter

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Taylor - $49.09 for laser light and Kent St. Build out
:* Ben - $100 to Christian for cart at Kent St.
:* Approved.
:* Action Item: Ben to cut the cheques

==== Tool Purchases ====
:* Table saw - saw stop - Safety item - Mark found out it costs $1500 rather than $10000.
:* Replacement cartridges when safety triggered is about $80-100
:* lockouts and restricting non-members to saw usage is also considered
:* 

==== Upper Floor Safety Inquiry ====
:* To address the question about fire safety questions about the second floor. 
:* Action Item: Talk with Christian about this question - Ben

=== Old Business ===

==== Moving ====
:* Split plan action
:* Build out / planning for 33 Kent St.
::* Finalize layout
:::* Decisions:
::::* Mark's proposal layout
::::* Laser wall - go ahead
::::* Kitchenette upstairs - go ahead
::::* Downstairs Sink location - Under the stairs is primary location. If not, mid building.
::::* Carpet vs sand/finish upstairs - decision - wood floors
::::* Main concrete floor - still requires some additional investigation. Possible scraping only required.
::* Approving expenditures
:::* Approvals via mailing list - case by case
:::* Receipts required
:::* Ben to keep running cost for build out going to help monitor expenditures
:* Move planning and prep for Duke St.
::* Magazines - need to be sorted and throw out the other items
::* Couches - garbage
::* clean room tables coming over
::* Metal break - needs to be decommissioned before moving
::* Laser - decommision and move
::* Garbage area
::* Move item area
::* Bar coming over
::* Reminder for members to get their stuff out of the old space that isn't coming over to the new space - 21st
::* Need truck rental to move big stuff - Action Item: Reserve truck - 19th
::* Front desk stays
::* Don's stuff is scheduled to be out of that space
::* bookshelves stay
::* 
==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Previous Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release
:* Previous Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time
:* Doug would like to look into getting the 3D printer with Trillium grant money sooner than later, possibly for the party event
:* Need to re-get quotes for the items listed from the grant to help start the purchasing process - can be done by members to get 3 quotes and bring those back to the board for review
:* Action Item: Darcy - original quote list can be scanned and put up on the wiki, currently sent via Admin mailing list
:* Proposed Date: Feb. 8th

==== Hackademy Collaboration - Family Day (To Be Named) ====
:* Followup
:* No updates from Doug this meeting. Going to follow up on the various details moving forward.

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Doc is concerned about people not wearing eye protection. The board supports his advocacy to have proper protection. Glasses have been purchases and brought to Kent for the build out
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 22:22 forwarded by: Darcy
Second: James
All in favour: Unanimous 


=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Darcy
* Karl
* Ben
* Doug
* Mark
* Rob
* James

==== Regrets ====
* 
 
==== Unknown ====
*

==== Unknown ====
*
