{{Meeting
|Date=2013/12/04
|Time=20:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Attending ===
:* Jonathan
:* Darcy
:* Jaymis
:* Doug
:* James
:* Ben

=== Absent ===
:* Mark

=== Call to Order ===
:* Called to order by Darcy at 20:46

=== Approval of Agenda ===
:* approved unanimously

=== Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes ===
:* approved unanimously

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're only awesome if we can solve this mailing list stuff tonight.

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* pending
:* $11,000 in bank
:* 62 members

=== Recurring Business ===

==== Previous meeting action items ====
:* Ben will send an invoice to Sean Yo for Hacky Halloween stuff in the amount to $250 (done)
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan) 
:* Action item: get WordPress plug-in for membership register (Ben)
:* Action item: send purchasing procedure to mailing list for discussion (Ben) (done)
:* Action item: send info sheet draft to mailing list (Ben) (done)
:* Action item: update member application form on website (Ben) (done)
:* Action item: send member instructions to mailing list (Ben)

==== Reimbursements ====

===== Tap & Die Set =====
:* $45.20 for 60 piece set
:** motion by Darcy
:** Seconded by Doug
:** unanimous with Doug's abstention

===== CNC Router Water pump =====
:* $41.01
:** motion by Darcy
:** seconded by Doug
:** unanimous with James' abstention

===== Drill Bits ====
:* $33.32 to James
:** motion by Ben
:** seconded by Jaymis
:** unanimous with James' abstention

===== Electrical =====
:* $1395.55 to BH Ruby Electric
:** motion by Ben
:** seconded by Darcy
:** approved unanimously

===== Ladder & 2 Drills =====
:* $229.38 to Agnes
:** motion by Ben
:** seconded by Jonathan
:** approved unanimously

==== Review of mailing list votes ====

==== Board Process Review ====
:* to be recurring

===== Member Vote: John Wynen =====
:* approved

==== Documentation of Board Procedures ====
:* none yet

=== New Business ===

==== Re-Visiting By-Laws ====
:* current by-laws not scaling well
:* Action item: draft new by-laws and put them to a general meeting (Ben)
:* ONCA is a consideration
:* Action item: see if lawyer can look over new by-laws (Jonathan)

==== Mark ====
:* Mark should be well enough to attend board meetings starting next week.
:* next meeting on the 18th at 19:30

==== Member Meeting ====
:* will probably be upcoming
:* requires notice period
:* requires agenda in advance

=== Old Business ===

==== Software for Lab ====
:* pending

==== Youth Maker Workshops at the Working Centre ====
:* pending

==== Review of Purchasing Procedure ====
:* proposed new procedure:
:** All requests for reimbursements must be submitted to the member’s mailing list for approval by the Treasurer. Requests must include an itemized cost estimate. Requests for reimbursements totalling under $50 for consumable purchases may be submitted after the purchase has been made. All other requests should be submitted prior to purchase.
:** The Treasurer may grant approval for consumable purchases totalling no more than $50, at the Treasurer’s discretion. For all other reimbursement requests, Treasurer approval may only be granted with the support of all active Directors as expressed on the members’ mailing list, or by a majority vote of the Board of Directors.
:** motion by Ben
:** seconded by Jaymis
:** approved unanimously
:* Action item: update board procedure (Jonathan)

==== Membership Application Process ====
:* Action item: draft membership by-law proposal to include delegation (Steph)
:* motion: ratify all members in good standing on the membership register
:** by: Doug
:** seconded: Darcy
:** approved unanimously
:* vote to pass new membership application procedure as outlined on mailing list
:** motion by: Ben
:** James
:** approved unanimously

==== Trillium Grant Update ====
:* Action item: invite dignitaries (Doug)
:* router will be moved for party

=== Review of Action Items from this Meeting ===
:* Action item: update board procedures on website (Jonathan)
:* Action item: remove tool committee (Jonathan) 
:* Action item: get WordPress plug-in for membership register (Ben)
:* Action item: send member instructions to mailing list (Ben)
:* Action item: draft new by-laws and put them to a general meeting (Ben)
:* Action item: see if lawyer can look over new by-laws (Jonathan)
:* Action item: draft membership by-law proposal to include delegation (Steph)

=== Adjournment ===
:* adjournment at 22:03
