{{Meeting
|Date=2013/02/04
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy at 19:45

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* All in favour: Yes

=== Report from the President ===
:* Kwartzlab radio episode sounded great!
:* Ryan Chaki from Conestoga College will be coming in to check out Kwartzlab for a videography project
:* Heather Sinclair from CEI was talking about the fund/speed dating and potential interviews

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Not Present

=== New Business ===

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Not covered this meeting

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Not covered this meeting

=== Old Business ===

==== Opening Night Planning ====
:* Darcy - not a Trillium / opening party, just opening party. No press releases, etc. - Action Item: Post blog - DONE
:* Darcy wants to ping press - to talk with Gus about contacts for the event
:* Two bands to provide live music for the event - bands are confirmed
:* Cash bar for the event
:* Action Item: pamplets/flyers to neighbours - created, being edited - in progress - Mark, Andrew - No updates this meeting
::* Post on posts? Universities? Yes
::* Any chance of getting printer working? Requires power. Looking into other avenues for the posters
:* Action Item: Gus - bar license - got it - Done
:* Action Item: Gus - alcohol selection - follow up with Gus
:* Action Item: Kwartzlab swag - Ben - in progress, printed, just need to make the pins - no update this meeting
:* Action Item: James/Agnes to look into Tshirts and/or creating them - James working on design, need to find shirt - in progress
:* Action Item: Band - need to follow up with band for announcing / advertising / logos - Doug - Confirmed

==== Kent Street Buildout / Prep ====
:* Prioritization for this week
::* Doug - sign creations - XL Screen printing to do the signs - no update this meeting
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - Karl / Mark - in progress
::* Action Item: 2nd floor - Andrew, Chris B., Mark - in progress - waiting on electrical and plumbing
::* Action Item: Network drops - Ben - waiting to do the ones in the back (waiting on Taylor and plumbing pipe). Drops for upstairs, use existing holes in floor to run lines
::* Action Item: Kitchenette - Andrew/Rob/Taylor - in progress - need to drywall / frame by end of this week
::* Action Item: James - door security hardware investigation - been ordered. Strike can be put on the back door
::* Action Item: Ben - rear door replacement - need to find a door
::* Action Item: Electrical for Kitchen - in progress - waiting on framing/drywall, placement of cabinets to finish
::* Action Item: Laser vent tube preparation / work working vent tube prep - in progress

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Mark - Ontario Arts council - found other funds to investigate as well - deadline is this April - period doesn't start until 2014
:* Previous Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release
:* Previous Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time
:* Doug would like to look into getting the 3D printer with Trillium grant money sooner than later, possibly for the party event
:* Need to re-get quotes for the items listed from the grant to help start the purchasing process - can be done by members to get 3 quotes and bring those back to the board for review
:* Action Item: Darcy - original quote list can be scanned and put up on the wiki, currently sent via Admin mailing list
:* Proposed Date: TBD
:* Action Item: 3D Printer - Doug to order Wednesday latest (approved via mailing list) - in progress, James to provide card for purchase
:* Action Item: Mark to create a public document where people can submit what they want (also provide original document + quotes) - Done

==== Hackademy Collaboration - Family Day (To Be Named) ====
:* Followup
:* Doug - email sent to members list with a bunch of information. The event is going ahead. 3D printer event needs to be hashed out. Hoping to get about 6 printers.
:* Doug to talk with THEMUSEUM about the details around the event 
:* Monday Feb 18th, 10am-4pm
:* Mark inquired about having a Kwartzlab table at the event - Action Item: Doug to look into this

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Doc is concerned about people not wearing eye protection. The board supports his advocacy to have proper protection. Glasses have been purchases and brought to Kent for the build out
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various
:* No updates this meeting

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 20:09
Forwarded by: Darcy
Second: James
In favour: All in favour

=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Darcy
* Karl
* Rob
* Mark
* James

==== Regrets ====
* Doug
* Ben
 
==== Unknown ====
*

==== Unknown ====
*
