# Board Meeting 132

Date: 2014-11-10

Time: 20:30

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

## Attending
* Jonathan
* James
* Ravi
* Cedric
* Steph
* Jaymis

## Absent

## Call to Order
* Called to order
    * by: Cedric
    * at: 20:41

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
    * by: Cedric
    * seconded: Jonathan
    * approved unanimously

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 131
    * motion to approve
        * by: Cedric
        * seconded: Steph
        * approved unanimously except for Jonathan, who abstained

## Report from President
* Our financials seem to be in order.
* Everything is going well.
* The space is continuing to improve and get more use.

## Report from Treasurer
* Nothing to report.

## Recurring Business

### Financial Internal Review
* Review was difficult because we've never done one before.  Future reviews should be easier.
* For the most part, the books look good, as expected.
* Cash handling policies don't need to be in place since we deal with so little cash.
* Preliminary review should be made available to the members before the member meeting.

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)
* Action item: review job descriptions (all directors) (on hold)
* Steph to contact Christian (done)
* Cedric to contact Doug (done)
* Cedric to contact Mark Steffen (done)
* Ravi to contact Sean (done)

### Membership Applications

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals

## New Business

### Sewing Workshop Approval
* Nov 15 & 16 13:00 - 16:00
* pre-approved on mailing list on October 24
    * thread: Public Event Request: November 15-16

### Fairy Door Painting Event
* Nov 29 - 13:00 - 16:00
* pre-approved on mailing list on November 9th
    * thread: Public Event Request: Saturday, November 29, 1-4PM

### Member Meeting & Director By-Election
* Nominations must be open for 14 days.
    * If we open them tomorrow, they'll run from the 11th to the 23rd.
* We plan to announce the meeting on the 24th.
* The meeting itself is scheduled for December 5th.
* Action item: send out e-mail to open nominations (James)
* Action item: send out e-mail to close nominations and finalize agenda on the 24th. (James)
* We still need to appoint an election coordinator by the 24th.
* Action item: ask for election coordinaor volunteers (James)

### Dirk Hamoen's Hiatus Request
* Dirk is requesting hiatus for November and December.
* motion to approve by: Cedric
    * seconded: Ravi
    * approved unanimously

## Old Business

### Sean Sinclair's Application For Hiatus
* dealt with last meeting

### Review of Board Board Procedure Re: Modifying Members' Status
* unnecessary

### Trillium Grant
* We need to keep paper copies of all correspondence for 7 years.
* Jaymis will see to this for now.

### Lease Renewal
* The lease that Christian has given us to sign prohibits chemical storage.
    * We can probably have this clause removed.
* Should we invest in a chemical storage cabinet?
    * We may need multiple cabinets for different types of chemicals
    * Discuss on the mailing list

### Heavy Lab Reorganization
* It's going.
* The new floor has been installed, and is working well.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)
* Action item: send out e-mail to open nominations (James)
* Action item: send out e-mail to close nominations and finalize agenda on the 24th. (James)
* Action item: ask for election coordinaor volunteers (James)

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
    * by: Jaymis
    * seconded by: Steph
    * approved unanimously
* Adjourned at: 21:33
