{{Meeting
|Date=2012/11/26
|Time=20:30
|Address=283 Duke St. W., Unit 106 Kitchener, Ontario Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy Casselman at 8:37pm

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* Motion Forwarded: Darcy
:* Motion Second: Ben
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Approval of 05 November 2012 ([[Board_Meeting_088]]) Board Minutes ===
:* Motion Forwarded: Darcy
:* Motion Second: Ben

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're awesome. A lot of issues and things going on.

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* No financial report at this time due to still in the middle of collecting dues from members
:* $11660 currently in bank fund

=== New Business ===

==== Moving ====
:* How to present to the membership?
:* State the facts about why we need to move.
:* Action Item: Darcy to write the proposal up for the membership

==== KLARP report ====
:* http://www.kwartzlab.ca/mediawiki/images/4/41/KLARP_2012_Report.pdf
:* Cedric: Unit B at Primespec building has no plumbing, but would be installed by landlord, Ben said there's an offer on that unit
:* Looking at getting our own measurements because of the numbers provided
:* Ben mentioned about possibly having one more visit at Pandora before the Wednesday membership meeting
:* Action Item: go to Pandora to get actual measurements
:* Motion: To recommend Pandora to the membership - Darcy
:* Second: Rob
:* All in favour: All but Doug
:* All opposed: Doug - concerns over amount of space, membership growth, plans for expanding workshop - concerns over lack of space
:* Doug feels we have two more months at least to look. James/Mark concur.
:* We want to make a conscious decision that a move benefits the membership and isn't just a knee jerk reaction to current issues and situations with our current space
:* Action Item: James/Mark to go and measure out space and plan out tool placement to have more accurate floor plan to work from

==== Temporary Heating ====
:* Boiler status - Been working 3 days out of the week, when it wasn't on, heaters kept the place warm
:* Reimbursements as necessary - deferred until next meeting

==== Strategy to avoid damage from flooding ====
:* Not much can be done about this. Pipes are everywhere.

==== Plans post-General Meeting ====
:* Assuming both motions are approved by the membership - board would need to get specifics regarding the property, lease agreements, etc.

==== Proxy Voting ====
:* Motion: To ammend the agenda for the general meeting to a motion to ammend the by-law to allow proxy votes at general meetings - Darcy
:* Doug brought up new law coming in for non-profits that will require proxy voting
:* Second: Ben
:* All in favour: Unanimous

=== Old Business ===

==== Hacky Hallowe'en ====
:* Follow up? - Requires effort. A date was attempted, but low feedback.
:* James doesn't have a lot of time to devote to this at the moment. Unless is there is another sponsor, this is deferred.

==== Lapsing Memberships ====
:* Review of memberships not caught up requiring attention
:* Action Item: No members over one month behind

==== CEI Publicity support via Enterprise Canada ====
:* Action Item: To talk with the representatives - Darcy
:* They're going to come in with camera to take pictures with Darcy before Wed meeting

==== CEI sponsored membership in the Greater K-W Chamber of Commerce ====
:* Action Item: Darcy to talk with them to better understand what that means for Kwartzlab
:* Received chamber event emails recently but no other activity

==== Board Procedure: Approving Small Reimbursements Via Mailing List ====
:* Rob - Board procedure page to be updated for expense approval change

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Contract sent in.
:* Teleconference Dec. 7 at 10am.
:* MPP Catherine Fife wants a tour.
:* Teleconference at Dec 10th, 10am with Trillium
:* James discussed over possible tools that we should aim for moving forward
:* Mark has sent in an updated application for the next round, updated the equipment list to have new items in there

==== Shop Status ====
:* On hold until moving is resolved.

=== Action item review ===

=== Adjournment ===
* Darcy adjourned the meeting at 10:29 pm

=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* Darcy
* Ben
* Rob
* Mark
* James
* Doug
* Karl

==== Regrets ====
* 
 
==== Unknown ====
*
