KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
Minutes of Meeting
------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Wednesday, January 20, 2010
* Time: 7:30pm
* Location: 
* Meeting #22

BOARD MEMBER

* Present:  Alexandra Dysinski, Ben Brown, Cedric Puddy, Darin White, Eric Gerlach, Stephanie Smith
* Absent: Robert Gissing
* Quorum: Yes (6/7)

OTHERS

* KwartzLab Members: Bevan Lantz, Jessica Clayman, Andrew Mackie, Darcy Casselman (arrived during 5.15 Space Expansion)


Distribution: To all KwartzLab Society Board Members

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary@kwartzlab.ca> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions. 


Proceedings:
==============

1.  Call to Order
-----------------

The President Eric Gerlach acted as Chair for the meeting, and called the meeting to order at 1947 EDT. The Secretary, Stephanie Smith, recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

2.  Approval of the Agenda
--------------------------

The agenda was presented by the Chair, with the addition of "Signage" under "New Business". The agenda, with this addition, was approved by the general consent of the Board.

3. Approval of the October 21 Board Meeting Minutes
---------------------------------------------------
The October 21 Board Meeting Minutes were approved by the general consent of the Board.

4. Report from the Treasurer
----------------------------
The Treasurer presented a current financial report to the Board. See attached Appendix A. 

4.1. Update for action 21.1 on Ben will follow up on rent cheque, if 
it hasn't gone through in a couple of days.

  Closed: Our rent cheque has cleared.

5. Old Business
---------------

  5.1 Website/mailing lists
  -------------------------
  5.1.1 Update for action 13.2 on Ben: convert website design to drupal 
  template

    Continuing: Ben Brown presented to the board that he is in the final 
    stages of transforming website content for the new template. He is 
    currently co-ordinating with Katrina Somers regarding the front page 
    content.

  5.2 Lease contract for borrowing member equipment
  --------------------------------------------------

  5.2.1. Update for action 17.1 on Eric: Post draft of lease agreement to 
  members list asking for comment

    Continuing: No update.

  5.3 Metal Brake/Shear from RIM
  ------------------------------

  Jessica Claymen reported to the Board that the necessary Health & Safety 
  policies are not yet in place, so we cannot implement anything yet. She's 
  posted draft policies, which need to be review and approved by the Board 
  before she can proceed.

  >> Action 22.1 on Eric Gerlach: post a reminder to the members' mailing 
  list to review the draft Health & Safety policy document.

  5.4 Budget Revision
  -------------------
  5.4.1.  Update for action 17.2 on Ben & Eric: New draft of budget 
  incorporating new language for funds

    Closed: Ben Brown presented the Board with the new draft budget. 
    (Appendix A shows incomplete wording.) In addition to the requested 
    revision for the emergency fund, a $30/month promotional expenses item 
    has been added. 

  >> Action 22.2 on Ben Brown: post the new draft budget to the members' 
  list for final discussion.

  5.5 Health & Safety Committee
  ------------------------------
  There was a brief discussion by the Board regarding the use of Eric's 
  cell phone as an emergency phone. The expense of the phone can fall under 
  the "Misc" variable expenses budget for now.

  5.5.1 Emergency Phone
  >> Action 22.3 on Eric Gerlach: activate and bring in the emergency cell 
  phone.

  5.5.2 Lab & Equipment training needed
  Jessica Claymen presented to the Board a brief overview of how new 
  equipment will be managed by Health & Safety. The Health & Safety 
  Committee will classify all incoming equipment as either "red" or 
  "green". "Red" equipment will be identified with a sticker, and will 
  require specific training. Some form of signage or documentation will be 
  provided for all "red" equipment, indicating how members can obtain the 
  necessary training.

  >> Action 22.4 on Jessica Claymen & Robert Gissing: review all equipment 
  currently in the lab, and identify which items are "red".

  5.6 Drink Order
  ---------------
  Cedric Puddy presented the Board with a update on how the drink 
  order/donation fund is going. We're not making as much money as we 
  expected to make, however we're also not losing any money. Cedric expects 
  that drinks will be self-funding by the next order.

  5.7 Workroom Floor
  ------------------
  There was a brief discussion by the Board regarding the urgency of the 
  workroom floor. Epoxy paint is the best available option.

  >> Action 22.5 on Robert Gissing: find out what area the 5 galloon bucket 
  of paint will cover.

  5.8 Large Tools
  --------------- 
  Darin White presented to the Board a quick summary of the member 
  responses received to his "large tools" post.  Laser cutter was the top 
  pick, and where we should focus our energy.

  5.9 Policies & Procedures for Bringing in New Equipment
  -------------------------------------------------------
  Nothing further for this item.

  5.10 Public in the Space & Semi-External Groups
  -----------------------------------------------
  There was a brief discussion summarizing where the Board left this topic 
  in December. The outstanding question is whether or not "member guests" 
  should be considered welcome at "member-only" events. Rather than 
  legislating this, the consensus of the Board was to leave it up to the 
  event organizer, and ensure that organizers clearly specify whether their 
  events are for members plus guest(s), or just members. 

  Regarding the earlier question of allowing external/semi-external groups 
  use the space -- Eric Gerlach reported to the Board that he ran the 
  question by other hackerspaces at the December call-in. The consensus of  
  the other hackerspaces on the call was that cool things happening in the 
  space was good, so if it was a cool group, and a one-off event, they 
  would let it happen.


  5.11 Trillium Grants
  --------------------
  No update.

  5.12 Membership Vetting Procedures
  ----------------------------------
  There was an in depth discussion regarding the various options being 
  considered, to involve the general membership in new-member vetting. 

  In order to work within our current bylaws, the Board could hold a member 
  "poll" regarding potential new members, and then the Board could formally 
  ratify the results of that poll. The question remaining is how high to 
  set the bar. There were some concerns about requiring a unanimous 
  decision by the members.
  
  5.12.1 Update for action 21.2 on Gus will wrote up a proposed motion for 
  new member approvals, and post to BOD for discussion 

  NOT CLOSED!!

    Closed: action no longer necessary at this time.

  5.13 Outreach to Local Arts Community
  -------------------------------------
  Darin White presented an update to the Board, regarding his networking 
  with CAFKA and CrimeLab. The January 26 joint event is now being 
  organized entirely by KwartzLab; CAFKA and CrimeLab will just be 
  attending as guests. The event will comprise of 5 KwartzLabber and 5 
  outside artist lightning talks. Darin has been reaching out to some of 
  our artist-neighbours in the building to provide the artist talks. 

  5.14 New Equipment Acquisition
  ------------------------------
  The Radial Arm Saw which Darin is sourcing for us is actually being 
  lent, not donated; the Board will need to revise our acceptance motion. 
  We will do that once the lease contract is ready.

  5.15 Space Expansion
  --------------------

  5.15.1. Update for action 21.3 on Gus & Ben to start talking with Kaplay 
  regarding the unit off of our kitchen.

    No update.

  5.16 Site 3
  ------------

  Darin White reported to the Board on the Site 3 inaugural meeting. The 
  meeting had a good turn-out, and he looks forward to KwartzLab and Site 3 
  having a long and fruitful relationship. 

6. New Business
---------------

  6.1 Reimbursements
  ------------------
  No reimbursement requests are currently before the Board.

  6.2 Arduino Workshop
  --------------------
  Bevan Lanz presented to the Board that he and Andrew Mackie would like to 
  host a public Arduino workshop on February 27, from 1-4pm. The event will 
  cost $20/person, and any profit made will go to KwartzLab.

  Motion: Be it resolved that the Board approves Bevan & Andrew's arduino 
  workshop for February 27, from 1-4pm, which will be open to the public.

    Motion Moved: Eric Gerlach
    Motion Seconded: Stephanie Smith
    In Favour: 6
    Opposed: 0

  6.3 Purchasing a 50' VGA Cable
  ------------------------------
  Motion: Be it resolved that the Board approves the purchase of a 50' VGA 
  cable for the lab.

    Motion Moved: Darin White
    Motion Seconded: Eric Gerlach
    In Favour: 6
    Opposed: 0

  6.4 Signage
  -----------
  There was a brief discussion regarding the need for exterior signage for 
  the lab. There is currently nothing on the outside of the building which 
  indicates we are here. Creating signage could be a large group project. 

  There was also a discussion regarding signage inside the building. We 
  need to be careful with any signs which we put on doors inside the 
  building -- they can cause confusion for visitors to other tenants. 

  >> Action 22.6 on Jessica Claymen: begin a brain-storming thread 
  regarding signage on the members' list

  6.5 Ubuntu Global Jam
  ---------------------
  Darcey Casselman presented to the Board that a date has been set for the 
  Ubuntu Global Jam -- March 26-28. He would like to organize a public 
  event during that time. More details to follow.

7. Action Item Review
---------------------

Action 13.2 on Ben Brown: convert website design to drupal template

Action 21.3 on Robert Gissing & Ben Brown: start talking with Kaplay regarding the unit off of our kitchen.

Action: 22.1 on Eric Gerlach: post reminder Board & Members to review draft Health & Safety policy

Action 22.2 on Ben Brown: to post the current budget draft to the member's list for final approval.

Action 22.3 on Eric Gerlach: bring in his cell phone & activate it.

Action 22.4 on Jessica Claymen & Robert Gissing: review everything currently in the lab, and designate which items are "red".

Action 22.5 on Robert Gissing: figure out how many square feet 1 bucket of epoxy paint will cover.

Action 22.6 on Jessica Claymen:  start brain-storming conversation on ML.

8. Adjournment
--------------
The meeting was adjourned at 2125EDT
Motion Moved: Eric Gerlach
Motion Seconded: Cedric Puddy
In Favour: 6
Opposed: 0