{{Meeting
|Date=2013/03/11
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON, Canada
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Call to Order ===
:* Meeting called to order by Darcy at 7:54 pm,Mon Mar 11

=== Approval of the Agenda ===
:* All in favour: yes

=== Report from the President ===
:* 

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* Ben is not here

=== New Business ===
:* space festival for kids at PI with Charlotte
:* film screening event KW Transition & Sacred Secular Sanctuary
:* Sacred Secular Sanctuary promotional materials
:* Cleaning schedule

==== Membership Dues Owed Follow Up ====
:* Membership register has not been updated

==== Reimbursements ====
:* 

==== Replicator Purchase ====
:* Board authorized the purchase of a Replicator from CCGG for $1000. Moved by Doug, seconded by Karl, unanimous.

=== Old Business ===

==== Youth (16 or younger) Membership ====
:* James - concern about liability on our behalf
:* Mark - parents should sign a waiver for their children
:* Darcy - we need to discuss with a lawyer
:* Would be good to have waivers signed regardless
:* What's the liability implication of minors in the space - for advice from lawyer
:* minors can't sign contracts. Parents can.
:* Action Item: Gus to talk with lawyer and we'll follow up next meeting
:* discussion items:
::* 24 keyed access for kids? Can they bring their friends as guests (without adult supervision)?
::* legal liability, if a 16 yr old cuts off their finger, vs an 18 yr old? If a kid's guest cuts off their finger?
::* can a 16 yr old sign the audit waver form?

==== Kent Street Buildout / Prep ====
:* Not much is happening with this right now.
::* Action Item: Ben - sign creations - should be done this week
::* Action Item: Drywall panelling / mudding - on hold for 2nd floor
::* Action Item: 2nd floor - Rob  - kitchenette floor
::* Action Item: Power panel needs remapping and reorganization and plumbing drain tube needs to be moved
::* Action Item: Network drops - Ben - in progress, still some to do around the space
::* Action Item: James - needs to install the door strike. Back door first
::* Action Item: Ben - rear door replacement - need to find a door - pausing this Action Item
::* Action Item: Welding area - paused until electrical
::* Action Item: Rob - garbage run needs to happen again (ceiling tiles, etc)
::* Action Item: Karl - carpeting to stairwell and bathroom
::* Action Item: organizational stuff (general)

==== Trillium Grants ====
:* Mark - Ontario Arts council - found other funds to investigate as well - deadline is this April - period doesn't start until 2014
:* Mark - set deadlines for items to purchase after opening party. Fill out the list, have a membership/interested party meeting to make a decision on what to buy
:* Once this purchasing round is done, we can focus on future grant applications
:* Previous Action Item: Darcy to do press release and blog posting - Press advisory instead of a release - paused for now
:* Previous Action Item: Need to pick a day for the party (TBD related to move) - Not done yet, need to give dignitaries 3-4 weeks lead time - paused for now
:* Doug would like to look into getting the 3D printer with Trillium grant money sooner than later, possibly for the party event - no update at this time
:* Need to re-get quotes for the items listed from the grant to help start the purchasing process - can be done by members to get 3 quotes and bring those back to the board for review
:* Action Item: Darcy - original quote list can be scanned and put up on the wiki, currently sent via Admin mailing list
:* Action Item: 3D Printer - needs to be reviewed

==== Health and Safety ====
:* Discussion came up after the vote about getting more information around this
:* Doc is concerned about people not wearing eye protection. The board supports his advocacy to have proper protection. Glasses have been purchases and brought to Kent for the build out
:* Discussions over changing policies for Tuesday open nights for non-members and usage of tools and restricting usage of them
:* Tagging of tools for various
:* Some posters have been posted
:* Action Item: Fire extinguishers need to be recharged, mounted and signed in new space. They currently are around the space, just need to formalize locations

=== Action item review ===
* Doug shall talk to Christian@CCGG to purchase the Replicator

=== Adjournment ===
Move to adjourn at 8:33
Forwarded by: Darcy
Second: 
In favour: Unanimous

=== Director RSVP ===
* A minimum of 4 Directors are needed to make quorum

==== Attending ====
* James, Darcy, Karl, Mark, Doug

==== Regrets ====
* Rob,Ben
 
==== Unknown ====
*

==== Unknown ====
*
