# Board Meeting 152

Date: 20160414
Time: 2044
Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
Meeting Type: Board Meeting
Minutes by: Cedric

## Attending
* Present: Cedric, Steph, Jaymis, Christine

## Absent
* Absent: Davenport, Ravi (both notified in advance and agreed)

## Call to Order
* Called to order
 * by: Cedric
 * seconded: Christine
 * at: 2044

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
 * by: Christine
 * seconded: Cedric
 * approved; unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 151
 * motion to approve
     * by: Steph
     * seconded: Christine
     * approved: unanimous

## Report from President
	* 150: Everything is awesome, lab running alright, member engagement ignited by coat rack topic.
	* 151: <crickets>  (James couldn't make it).
	* 152: <thumbsup>

## Report from Treasurer
	* 150: Year end will be done shortly, situation nominal; we remain in the black.
	* 151: Situation nominal.  See report for details.
	* 152: March was bang on estimated budget (almost to the penny), which is a sort of exceptional form of perfectly ordinary.

* Mar, 2016 Financial Report
 * motion to accept
     * by: Christine
     * seconded: James
        * approved: unanimous

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update
        * 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
	* [...]
	* 151: James not present; Christine has used in the last few days.  Assumed operational.
	* 152: Laser is running fine, but cycles have not been put into the upgrades lately (between work and sick).
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
        * 143: Steph will draft a thing
	* [...]
	* 150: ongoing, is in git.
	* 151: ongoing.
	* 152: ongoing, more words have been put in Git.
* Ravi - will write guidelines for how we sell lab property
        * 147: Done. To be put on Wiki.
	* 148: Not done yet.
	* 149: Needs wiki login.
	* 150: Has login, is working on it.
	* 151: Will have it done by end of the meeting.
	* 152: Ravi's Not Here, man.
* Christine will be updating the wiki and approaching additional people before next meeting.
	* 152: Sean Stoughton is now OK with "safety helper" (check first aid kits, smoke detectors, fire extinguishers, quick checklist re: guards on machines); Christine has sent proposed scope to Sean, and is waiting for reply.
* Jaymis to get Davenport a copy of the GA quote.
	* 152: Jaymis did that. Davenport's not here, man.

### Membership Changes 
	* Erin Kelly:
		* 151: has withdrawn, to be announced.
	* Lauren Archer: 
		* 151: has paid dues, is all setup.  Does she have a key? (If so, remove from future).
* Member withdrawals:
	* Bernie Rode withdrawing; done as of 1-Apr-2016
  	* Andrew Mackie withdrawing; done as of 1-Apr-2016

#### Overdue Accounts (In Camera)
	* 1 overdue account for discussion.  Discussed and motioned; see BOD list.

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
Reimbursements since the last meeting:
TWC: $75.87 to Agnes Niewiadomski for iron, silhouette mats, sharpies (RR 333648866532159590)
Consumables: $23.72 to Neil Eaton for screwdriver bits (RR 335444522981972857)
Heavy Lab Phase 4: $25.13 to Neil Eaton for fasteners for paint table (RR 335444522981972857)
Heavy Lab Phase 5: $94.16 to Neil Eaton for small parts buckets (RR 335444522981972857)
Heavy Lab Phase 5: $15.81 to Neil Eaton for storage box (RR 335444522981972857)
Heavy Lab Phase 5: $110.94 to Neil Eaton for lumber (RR 335444522981972857)
Heavy Lab Phase 5: $88.72 to Neil Eaton for shelving hardware (RR 335444812981532558)
Heavy Lab Phase 5: $103.96 to Neil Eaton for IKEA bins (RR 335462896981789485)
Heavy Lab Phase 6: $29.36 to Nei Eaton for hooks for welding curtains (RR 335444522981972857)
Heavy Lab Phase 6: $169.68 to Neil Eaton for rods and sports for welding curtains (RR 335444812981532558)
Heavy Lab Phase 6: $18.19 to Neil Eaton for hinges and fasteners (RR 335444812981532558)

Purchasing Approvals since the last meeting:
Purchasing Approval Request 336322467361956294 $100 budget  to Bob DeGregory for providing mobility for lathe and  addressing potential floor leveling requirements (approved on list 2016-04-14)

## New Business
* 2016 AGM Organization
	* 152: Thursday 16-Jun-2016 for meeting; this means Announcement by 6-Jun, Nominations need to open by 22-May and close on 5-Jun.  Draft SAVE-THE-DATE EMAIL, put it on the KwartzLab Calendar (AGM and Potlatch); 7pm.  Agenda needs to include approval of financials.
* 2015 year end financials
	* 152: $2067.53 in operational surplus, which can be allocated to discretionary fund.  Some of the numbers appear oddly high due to Maker Expo.  Steph to send out announce/financial review emails.  Board needs to approve allocating the surplus.
	* motion to move the surplus the Discretionary Fund
	     * by: Cedric
	     * seconded: Christine
		* approved: unanimous

## Recurring Business

## Old Business
* Christine - Volunteer Management
	* 149: During heavy lab discussion, questions about fresh ways to engage people in helping around the lab came up.  Plan was to talk further at meeting 150.
	* 150: Christine is now free of the TWC, and is now engaging on the volunteer
	* 151: An individual was approached to be a sort of safety equipment warden, and is interested given liability/indemnity -- the question is if we have someone periodically checking  the first aid kits, do they take on liability.  Nobody has indemnity, and DOLI does not provide coverage that the member is looking for, therefore liability/indemnity coverage is not possible.  Christine will be updating the wiki and approaching additional people before next meeting.
	* 152: Has been talking with Sean Stoughten; see above for details.

* Front and Back Doors:
	* 147: Jaymis awaiting quote from G&A before taking further action. Ravi to enquire to see if we can get a second quote. Once quotes are received Jaymis will contact Christian to see about sharing costs. 
	* 148: Jaymis says it has been trouble, GA has new system that is not working well.  We have one quote that is about $1083 for changes that we do not believe will fix the sticking issue.
	* 149: n/c
	* 150: Davenport will take this on for the month, James happy to meet anyone onsite.
	* 151: Davenport reviewing the goal; needs to close reliably, and whoever fixes it would ideally install the strike (we would do the wiring from there).  Jaymis to get Davenport a copy of the GA quote.
	* 152: Davenport's not here, man.
* Maker Expo 2016 firing up.
	* Per meeting 149, KwartzLab is the support org for MakerExpo, first meeting was to be 2016-01-21, event will be 2016-09-10
	* This entry for tracking status.
	* 150: Ravi - just working on sponsor development, progress is happening.
	* 151: Request to add another shed, may require a building permit; Make Expo would cover any expenses.  Neil to research bylaw issues.  Neil is going to the city to get details as to what is possible.  The presence of the shed is a donation as part of KwartzLab's sponsorship of Maker Expo.  Goal is to ensure that active lab area isn't unduly blocked this year.  Approved in principal.
	* 152: Neil - moving right along; funding is promised but not yet received, trending towards $20k over last year.  Looking for signature events -- artists/etc that can make an immersive event/draw.  
* Heavy Lab update from Neil.
	* Per meeting 149, Neil is moving forward with phases 5 & 6, new welding curtains, storage changes, etc.
	* This entry for tracking status.
	* 150: Various things in progress, wall around the sink down in prep for new welding curtains (helper lined up).  Shelves on window wall started.  Could use help, lots of projects.
	* 151: To discuss: additional costs/effort due to metal lathe aquision.  Lathe will require a plug, and require e-stop+ contactor to switch the load to the motor.  This is a candidate for a RFID access control.  Looking at using a pump truck to make it possible to move the lathe.
	* 152: Neil - Ticking along, some budget discussion, now sorted; overall on target +/- $100 on entire project.  Lathe is mechanically moving along thanks to Bob; electrical parts on order.  

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
	* 152: Cedric - AGM -Thursday 16-Jun-2016 for meeting; this means Announcement by 6-Jun, Nominations need to open by 22-May and close on 5-Jun.  Draft SAVE-THE-DATE EMAIL.
	* 152: Steph to send out announce/financial review emails.
	* 152: Cedric - notify list that EK, BR, AM, and SS are no longer members.  58 current members.

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
 * by: Cedric
 * seconded by: Christine
 * passes: unanimous 
* Adjourned at: 2146
