KWartzLab Society Inc. 
======================
    Meeting Minutes
----------------------

# Metadata
* Type of Meeting: Board of Directors
* Date: Wednesday, February 3, 2010
* Time: 7:30pm
* Location: KwartzLab Workroom
* Meeting #24

BOARD MEMBERS

* Present:  Alexandra Dysinski, Cedric Puddy, Eric Gerlach, Robert Gissing, Stephanie Smith
* Absent: Ben Brown, Darin White
* Quorum: Yes (5/7)

OTHERS

* KwartzLab Members: Alex Williams

Distribution: To all KwartzLab Society Board Members

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

These minutes are considered complete and correct.  Please advise the Secretary <secretary@kwartzlab.ca> of any errors or omissions.  Otherwise, these minutes will be considered an accurate record of the discussions.

1. Call to Order
----------------

The President Eric Gerlach acted as Chair for the meeting, and called the meeting to order at 1933 EST. The Secretary, Stephanie Smith, recorded the minutes. A quorum of directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

2. Approval of the Agenda
-------------------------

The agenda was presented by the President, who noted that action items 22.4, 22.5, and 22.6 were all completed last week, and should be stricken from the current agenda. This change, was approved by the general consensus of the Board. The revised agenda was approved by the general consensus of the Board.

3. Approval of the October 28 Board Meeting Minutes
---------------------------------------------------

The October 28 Board Meeting Minutes were presented by the Secretary, and approved by the general consensus of the Board.

4. Treasurer's Report
--------------------

The Treasurer was not presented, but had submitted a report via email before the meeting. The Secretary presented this report: "We're not broke."

This report was accepted by the general consensus of the Board.

5. Old Business
---------------

  5.1 Website
  -----------
  
    5.1.1 Update for action 13.2 on Ben Brown: convert website design to 
    drupal template.
  
    In Progress: Ben Brown submitted an update via email, which Stephanie 
    Smith presented to the Board. He is continuing to work on the template 
    and the organization of Front Page Content with Katrina Somers.
    
  5.2 Lease contract for borrowing member equipment
  -------------------------------------------------
  
    5.2.1 Update for action 17.1 on Eric Gerlach: Post draft of lease 
    agreement to members list asking for comment. 
    
    Outstanding.
    
  5.3 Health & Safety Committee
  -----------------------------
  
    5.3.1 Update on action 22.1 on Eric Gerlach: post reminder Board & 
    Members to review draft Health & Safety policy.
    
    Outstanding; action moved to Stephanie Smith.
    
    5.3.2. Update on action 22.3 on Eric Gerlach: bring in his cell 
    phone & activate it.
    
    Outstanding.
    
  5.4. Workroom Floor
  -------------------
  
  Robert Gissing report to the Board that he would like to get a second 
  quote on epoxy paint.
    
  Action 24.1 on Robert Gissing: get second quote on epoxy paint.
    
  5.5 Trillium Grants
  -------------------
  
  No update.
  
  5.6 Membership Vetting Procedures
  ---------------------------------
  
    5.6.1 Update for action 21.2 on Robert Gissing: write up a proposed 
    motion for new member approvals, and post to BOD for discussion
    
    Outstanding.
    
  The Board recognized that it had not yet reached consensus regarding what 
  sort of majority should be required for new applicants, once approval is 
  opened up to the membership-at-large. While Robert Gissing would still 
  like to make his case for unanimous voting (see action 21.2), the Board 
  agreed to postpone further discussion on this topic until the members 
  meeting, where discussion will be opened up to the membership-at-large. 
  Gus will share his arguments for unanimous voting with the Board and the
  membership before the members meeting.
  
  5.7. Outreach to Local Arts Community
  -------------------------------------
  
  Darin White presented to the Board that some of the other tenants in our 
  building are talking about organizing a building social event in the near 
  future (date to be determined), which we should make a showing at. As 
  well, Culture Camp is coming up soon. Finally, Jack Jackowetz's artwork 
  is being exhibited at the Princess Twins in Waterloo, and KwartzLab has 
  been invited to the opening.

  5.8. Space Expansion
  --------------------
  
  Ben Brown submitted an update via email, which Stephanie Smith presented 
  to the Board. Kapley has asked Ben for feedback on the units which we 
  looked at last week. The Board needs to decide which units we would like 
  to proceed on, and begin negotiating pricing. 
  
  Cedric Puddy also reported to the Board that (Kapley's father) stopped by 
  the space on Saturday, and asked a little bit about what we do, and what 
  our plans for expansion were. Cedric gave him the KwartzLab elevator 
  pitched, and advised him that he would need to speak with Ben regarding 
  expansion. He passed on Ben's phone number. 
  
  Robert Gissing also reported to the Board rough estimates on what we 
  should be able to get each unit for.
  
  There was a general discussion regarding the 3 units, and how we might 
  best use each of them. The general consensus of the Board was that the 
  unit closest to the boiler room presented the best value for us, and 
  despite the lack of windows was likely the most usable. 
  
  5.9 Signage
  -----------
  
  Ben Brown submitted an update via email, which Stephanie Smith presented 
  to the Board. There's been a lot of momentum on signage planning at 
  recent TON events. 
  
  The Board agreed by general consensus that they were happy to let the 
  group currently working on signage proceed as they are, but would also 
  appreciate a more formal update/presentation on the plan.
  
  5.10. Ubuntu Global Jam
  -----------------------
  
  Eric Gerlach presented on behalf of Darcy Casselman. KwartzLab is 
  officially "signed up" for the Ubuntu Global Jam.
  
  5.11. Membership Hiatus
  -----------------------
  
    5.11.1. Update on Action 23.1 on Stephanie Smith: notify David 
    Hayes of the Board's decision regarding membership hiatus.
    
    Stephanie Smith reported to the Board that this has been done.
    
  5.12 Member Meeting
  -------------------
 
  The Board had a detailed discussion regarding the upcoming member 
  meeting, and what needed to be accomplished by it. Three topics of 
  discussion were identified:
 
    * membership hiatus
    * membership vetting
    * visioning
    
  No official business was identified as needing to be conducted, so a 
  General Member Meeting is not required. This is just a member meeting
  so that the Board can get input from the membership-at-large on key
  topics, which will help inform future business. 
    
  Motion Passed: Be it resolved that KwartzLab Society Inc. calls a 
  member meeting for Wednesday February 17, 2010, commencing at 7pm. Agenda 
  to be determined.
    
  	Motion Moved: Eric Gerlach
  	Motion Seconded: Stephanie Smith
  	In Favour: 5
    Opposed: 0
      
  Action 24.2 on Eric Gerlach: post to members that we'll be holding a 
  members meeting on the 17th
  
6. New Business
---------------
  
  6.1. Member Withdrawals: David Hayes
  ------------------------------------
  
  Motion Passed: Be it resolved that the Board acknowledges the resignation 
  of David Hayes from KwartzLab Society Inc.
	  
	  Motion Moved: Eric Gerlach
	  Motion Seconded: Stephanie Smith
	  In Favour: 5
	  Opposed: 0
	  
	6.2 Feb 9 TON
	-------------
	
	Karl Williams will be bringing a special guest to next week's TON, who 
	will be giving a short talk on backyard astronomy and imaging. It should 
	be awesome.

7. Action item review
---------------------

13.2 on Ben Brown: convert website design to drupal template. 

17.1 on Eric Gerlach: Post draft of lease agreement to members list asking for comment.

21.2 on Gus will wrote up a proposed motion for new member approvals, and post to BOD for discussion.

21.3 on Robert Gissing & Ben Brown: start talking with Kapley regarding that unit. 

22.1 on Stephanie Smith: post reminder Board & Members to review draft Health & Safety policy.

22.3 on Eric Gerlach: bring in his cell phone & activate it.

24.1 on Robert Gissing: get second quote on epoxy paint. 

24.2 on Eric Gerlach: post to members that we'll be holding a members meeting on the 17.
	
8. Adjournment
--------------

The meeting was adjourned at 2037EST.

  Motion Moved: Robert Gissing
  Motion Seconded: Alexandra Dysinski
  In Favour: 5
  Opposed: 0