# Board Meeting 144

Date: 2015-08-12

Time: 20:43

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

Minutes by:  Cedric Puddy

## Attending 
* Jaymis, Davenport, Ravi, James, Christine, Steph, Cedric

## Absent 
* None


## Call to Order
* Called to order
    * by: Jaymis
    * seconded: Davenport
    * at: 20:43

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
    * by: Davenport
    * seconded: Christine
    * passes, unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 143
    * motion to approve
        * by: Davenport
        * seconded: Ravi
        * passes, unanimous
        
## Report from President
	* none

## Report from Treasurer
	* July financials have been posted.
	* We are at 59 members, 49 required (47 w/o budget for TP)

* July, 2015 Financial Report
    * motion to accept
        * by: James
        * seconded: Davenport
	* passes, unanimous
        
## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Steph - move lease agreement into github, likewise insurance - DONE
* Steph - update name on Paypal account - DONE
* Steph - add YoC to our partner page; check in with YoC - not done
* Cedric - help sort out PGP keys with Jaymis, Christine and Davenport - DONE
* Cedric - circulate snow clearing details before next meeting
	144: we are waiting to hear from the city about the extent of our obligations
* James - Laser Cutter repairs update 
	* 143: ($400 USD approved, tube order, laser to be moved, power meter, current check)
	* 144: power meter has arrived, tube has not been ordered yet (some research is required), much measuring has been done
* James - talk to Bob & Bob about parking
	* 143: n/c
	* 144: n/c, tried, to be removed from future minutes.
* Steph: post board contact info on Board locker 
	* 143: Steph working on it
	* 144: n/c
* Steph: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events 
	* 143: Steph will draft a thing
	* 144: was not expected to be done today
* Ravi: follow up with Neil on Electrical work
	* 143: Ravi needs to work on remediating some misc items before inspection
	* 143: Neil has tweaks regarding switch locations, light fixtures, etc.
	* 144: Not finished, payment held.

### Membership Changes

#### Membership Applications
* Cam Turner - Needs to be Ratified - DONE.

* Chris Bruner - Needs to be voted on
	* motion to accept Chris Bruner for membership
	* by: James
	* seconded: Ravi
	* passes, unanimous

#### Membership Withdrawals
* None pending.

#### Overdue Accounts (In Camera)
* 2 members are coming up on 2 months overdue
	* One overdue member paid cash, received by Steph today, and is in good standing now.
	* One member has not responded to postal mail and emails; we haven't seen this individual in person; they are at the 2 month mark; membership would be unsuspended upon the account returning to good standing.
		* Motion to suspend
		* by: James
		* seconded: Cedric
		* passes, unanimous

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals

#### 55 Gallon Trash Bags per request on membership list		
* amount: $16.83		
* payable to: Robert DeGregory
* fund: Operations (consumable)
* to be noted; no vote required - pre-approved by board procedure


## New Business

### MRC Systems Credit App - regarding Radio Rentals for Maker Expo
* For Maker Expo, we are looking at renting some handheld radios; the cleanest way to handle this is for a KwartzLab to pay MRC directly, which would require that the board needs to set up terms with MRC.
* We are comfortable with that; after Maker Expo, we could change that
	* motion in favour to open an account
	* by: Davenport
	* seconded: Steph
	* passes, unanimous

### Snow Clearing Quotes
* Jaymis has contacted the city regarding possibly non-existent sidewalks.

## Old Business

### Maker Expo
* We have posters; floorplan is with the City/Health & Safety for approval.
* King St will be closed, but not the site streets to save on Grand River Transit costs that would be triggered by closing side streets
* Mayors of the three citys have been challenged to a robot fight

### Heavy Lab Reorganization
* at a bit of a standstill
* frustration with tools getting fixed, and then immediately becoming damaged again.
* horizontal bandsaw from Ravi hasn't been fixed (Ryan is warden), Ravi will attempt 

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
Cedric/Steph - Setup Chris Bruner as member

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
    * by: Cedric
    * seconded by: Steph
    * passes, unanimous
* Adjourned at: 09:40
